This is awesome! I can't believe Mom agreed to let you stay in Bright Moon!
(I don't trust her..)
Yeah, awesome
Okay You've seen the dining room, throne room, portrait hall. So, the last stop on our grand tour is... your new room! Tada!
It's pretty standard You've got your vanity, the bathroom, crystals, bell pull, tea nook, more crystals, bed, desk, and of course, the waterfall.
Is the waterfall for showering?
Ha! Good one, Adora "Waterfall for showering."  I'm right down the hall if you need anything. Night.
Wait
Okay This is different than the Fright Zone, but I'm sure I'll get the hang of this in no time.  Help.
Come on, get flatter! No! Go back in! Go back in!   Glimmer? Glimmer? I think I killed the bed   Ma'am! I mean, Your Majesty. Sir!  So, what are you doing up?
When I feel the cares of the day weighing upon me, I come here
Who is that?
King Micah My husband. He built the Rebellion with me. And he was one of the first casualties of The Horde.
Sorry I didn't know.
Adora My daughter believes you can help us. Glimmer has vouched for you despite your background. And because I greatly love my daughter, I am willing to give you a chance. Do not disappoint her.
Glimmer! Are you okay?
What are you doing in here?
I'm sorry! I couldn't sleep in my room I've never slept without any other people around. And then I ran into your mom, I think she doesn't like me.
What? My mom loves you
Yeah, sure She loves SheRa.
Mom can be.. a little intense, heh. But, our weekly meeting with the Rebellion Generals is today and you're invited. She wouldn't have invited you if she didn't like you.
Wow Heh.
Come on Meeting's about to start.
Uh, the chairs are still empty
Those are for the other Etherian Princesses, but.. none of themhave been active members since I was a kid. The Rebellion had a big defeat years ago, and most of the oldPrincesses gave up. Now all the kingdoms keep to themselves,and the new Princesses do the same.
Other than Spinnerella and NetossaHey, guys!  We're not really sure what they do.
Ah
What? What?I don't understand
This is not your chair
Sorry! First day Won't happen again!
What did I do?
You sat in my dad's chair
Oh.. Oh. I'm sorry.
I've asked you here because I've received a distress call from Princess Perfuma The Horde is laying siege to her kingdom. She's asking Bright Moon for assistance. General?
Perfuma's kingdom, Plumeria, is located near the front linesThe Horde has set up camp in their territory, cutting off their main supply route
Bright Moon will provide food and humanitarian aid
I have a better idea We can
Fight the Horde? Glimmer, you propose this idea every meeting
No! I was going to say, let's use aggressive fistto-face sparkles
I said, no, Glimmer Now sit down!
You should send me, Glimmer, and Bow to lead the relief missionYou can send me as SheRa. I'll make sure everyone gets there safely and protect Bow and Glimmer if the Horde attacks. I promise,I won't disappoint you.
Very well You will deliver food and supplies to Plumeria, and under no circumstances will you engage the Horde. You leave at dawn.
I give up! I give up!
Quit playing around, Kyle! Where's Catra? She's supposed to be here
Not anymore, cadet Lonnie
Why aren't you dressed?
Oh, Lonnie, Lonnie..sweet, dumb, Lonnie.
They made you Force Captain?
Congrats, Catra!
Hordak knows a good thing when he sees it Now that I'm in charge, Shadow Weaverwon't be the only one...Uh...
What do ya need, Shadow Weaver? Ooh, are you giving me my first mission?
You will explain how you lost Force Captain Adora
Ugh, I've told you everything I know about Adora!
I know you're lying You have to be lying. What happened to Adora? What did you do?
What did I do? She left us! She left me! You ever thinkAdora's notas loyal as you thought?
I will learn the truth, Catra,even if I have to drag it from your
Out of my way!
Wow Mom didn't say anything about allthe plants dying.
I don't think she knows Wait, where's Adora?
Are you gonna be SheRa the entire time we're here?
I told Queen Angella I would Besides, people like me better as SheRa.  Could Adora do this?
Hmm Yep. Very useful to our mission.
Hey, guys What is that?
Must be coming from the Horde camp
You're here!
Princess Perfuma I'm Commander Glimmer of
Ooh, I get a hat
Oh, my Everyone, come quick! It's, Oh, it's… It's…  Look! The universe has heard our pleas and sent the legendary SheRa to help us save our home.
We heard about the blockade and we've come to help We brought food and supplies for you.
Welcome to Plumeria, SheRa
Um, Glimmer, what's happening?
Come with me, I'll show you around You're gonna love it.
Our people have lived here for thousands of years We're known for our beautiful flowers, our majestic trees. And this is the HeartBlossom, the center of our kingdom, and the source of all my magical powers.
At least this tree is fine What happened to everything else?
We're going through a little rough patch, but I'm sure the universe will right itself soon
Everything is dead or dying
Look, the blight hit right after the Horde arrived We don't know why, and nothing I do stops it. But we don't dwell on the negative. Look at the positive. The HeartBlossom is still healthy, and the She-Ra is here, and the celebration's about to begin.
Celebration?
You will not refuse me!
Shadow Weaver
Lord Hordak!
You have disobeyed my orders
I've done no such thing, Lord Hordak My will is your will.
Then explain to me why you've requisitioned more troops to look for one missing soldier A soldier I ordered you to give up on.
Finding Adora is crucial to the Horde's mission—
Our mission is to kill the Whispering Woods so we can march on Bright Moon Our mission is to destroy the princesses and theirridiculous rebellion. You are distracted, Shadow Weaver. Our ground troops demand your full attention. The siege on Plumeria has carried on for too long. You will give the order to increase power until victory is achieved. And never forget, I gave you your magical power and at my slightest whim, I can take it away.  Understand?
Of course, Lord Hordak
No, no, no, it's okay You need this food more than we do.
Nonsense It is our honor to serve the SheRa.
No, no, no, it's okay You need this food more than we do.
Nonsense It is our honor to serve the SheRa.
We are so honored to have you
Whoa That's SheRa.
Yes, I know The SheRa, right? I'm so happy that after all these centuries of being gone, you've finally returned. I said, break out party kale. And at our hour of greatest need, just like in thestories.
What stories?
The stories we've been telling for thousands ofyears SheRa, the warrior who tamed the beasts of Beast Island with a single word.
That's nothing What about the time SheRa defeated a squad of Horde soldiers on a flying horse? Or the time she saved Thaymor from a legion of Horde soldiers? Or the time she borrowed my toothbrush and used it to defeat an army of Horde soldiers.
Uh, Bow, that's not true
You're right It was two armies!
Uh..
Hey, calm down! Give her some space One at a time. You first.
Oh! Thank youfor the…
Windchime
Windchime
We're so excited for you to heal our land and bring all the plants back to life Will you be doingit before the drum circle or after?
You want me toYou want me to heal your land?
Yes! Like in the ancient story, "SheRa Heals the Forest And Brings The Trees Back To Life"
I've seen her do wayweirder stuff This'll be a snap.
Wait, it's not that simple Plus, I don't like the look ofthat smoke. The Horde's up to something big. Maybe we should investigate.
We? This is my power I grow plants. We're not strong enough to go up against the Horde. All we want is to live peacefully in our ancestral home.
And then SheRa saved the day once again!
We need you, SheRa
SheRa! She-Ra! She-Ra!
Yes, healing That is a thing I know how to do. I just need to take Bow and Glimmer over to those trees for a moment. I know what I'm doing!
I don't know what I'm doing! I can't heal anything!
But, the stories say you have healing powers
They also say I fought the Mantisaur I don't even know what that is!
Why don't you just concentrate really hard?That seems to work whenever you need to transform
Okay
Did I do it?
No, you punched a tree That's kinda theopposite of healing.
Let me try again
Magic blast Also not healing.
I'll get it this time
Magical transformation?
Wait, is that what happened to our horse?
It's okay You'll get it soon.
Soon isn't good enough! These people expect me to save their land I thought I was better as SheRa, but I'm useless no matter what form I take.
My hat!
SheRa! Come quickly! Something absolutely terrible has happened!
The HeartBlossom is dying Please, She-Ra, heal our land.
Oh, come on, do something
No
Sorry I don't know how to heal.
Who are you? And where's SheRa?
My name isAdora I was chosen to carry the sword of SheRa, but... I haven't been doingthis for very long, and I don't know exactly how it works yet.
She's just a girl!
I never meant to deceive you I am SheRa, I'm just not the same She-Ra.
Then you can't save us?
Wait! There might be another way I know the Horde. I think they're using one of theirmachines to poison your land. If we wanna save your home, we have to stop them!
You're not SheRa from the stories You weresupposed to save us.
It will be all right, I promiseWe willrebuild. We have to believe that the universe will repay the Horde for their evil deeds eventually.
The universe won't protect you! You want SheRa to fix everything, but won't even try to save yourselves? At least Adora's trying
If SheRa can't save us, no one can Right now, we just need to make sure our people are safe. We leave today.
Are you okay?
I just wanted to help But all I've done is disappoint an entire kingdom. I'm sorry I let you guys down after you talked me up.
We just wanted everyone to see what an awesome person you are I thought I was being supportive, but I was being terrible!
Adora, SheRa's not the reason we like you We like you because you're our friend.
You have a plan, don't you?
Yeah I think I do.
All clear Okay, we need to find the machine. Every Hordecamp is laid out the same. Guard duty's in halfhour shifts, so we walk in when the shift changes inthree, two, one.
Shift change!
Finally! Boring shifts go by slower
You were right The Horde is poisoning the land.
Hey! What are you doing here?
What are you doing here? We have security clearance, password 5echo-niner On your way.
We haven't used that passwordin months Hands up!
Adora? What do we do?
Run!
Hey, the Bright Moon guys left
"We've gone to the Horde camp to find the weapon killing your trees If we don't make it, I wanted to say I'm sorry. I couldn't be the hero you wanted. Adora." She's still trying, even though we were so negative. Glimmer was right. This is our home, we can't let her do this alone!Everyone, She-Ra and our friends from Bright Moon are risking their lives to protect us from the Horde. We need to help them! Get the warchimes, we march!
How many soldiers can you take?
Between one and zero  Whoo.
I'll take them all, if you give me a minute
I've always said the universe will repay the Horde one day Well, I guess that day is today!
For the SheRa!
Hey Ooh.
I've never been so alive!
For the honor of Grayskull!
For Etheria!
Ew! Yuck!
Retreat! Retreat!
Thank you so much! You inspired us to save ourselves How can we ever repay you?
Join the Rebellion, and help me reform the Princess Alliance
Um, are you sure? Didn't that go horribly the first time?
It went horribly for our parents But we have a chance to do it right. We're clearly stronger together. Think what allthe Princesses united could do.
Would I get to hit more people with flowers?
Absolutely
You have a deal Hey, everyone! Look at us. We're mighty rebels now.
Force Captain Catra reporting for
This was brought to me by retreating soldiers, retreating because their camp was attacked by Adora and SheRa Pathetic, you're still trying to protect her. Did you think you could keep the truth from me?
It's just a phase, she's confused I'll bring her back in, I swear.
Oh, yes, you will Because until I tell you otherwise, that is your mission. And to ensure success, no matter where Adora goes, no matter how long it takes, my shadow spies will find her.
Find her and bring her home
What is this?
Since you've never slept in a room by yourself before, Bow and I thought we'd throw you a sleepover, then you won't feel so alone
We even got you a new bed
It's wonderful
We can do this tomorrow too, since Glimmer's grounded for ignoring orders
For one weekThat's three weeks less than normal. And Mom said she'd consider my plan to recruit new Princesses into the rebellion!
Thanks, guys I might not ever be the perfect hero everybody wants me to be, but that's okay.
Of course it's okay Do you have any idea how annoying you'd be if you were perfect?
Aw! Best Friend Squad is having a pillow fight!
Yeah, we're not calling ourselves that
I prefer "The Glimmer Group”
Nah We're the Best Friend Squad.
All squadrons, report to training area immediately for evaluation
Psst Anyone seen Catra?
Not again
At attention, cadets Your simulation is about to begin. Here's your scenario. You'll be passing through the treacherous Whispering Woods to reach the heart of the rebel insurgency, Bright Moon.
Your mission is to defeat the Queen of the Princesses and liberate Bright Moon in Lord Hordak's name Where's Catra?
She will be here I promise.
Mmhmm The Whispering Woods is full of princesses. Vicious, violent instigators.They will take you out if given the chance. Don't give it to them. Good luck, recruits.
Watch out!
Oh, no, no, no, no, no!
Come on, this way
Aw, dang it
Seriously, Kyle?
Bravo
Seriously, Kyle?
Run!
Adora!
Hey, Adora How's it hanging?
Catra Did you really show up late and let us do all the hard parts? That is low, even for you.
Aw You know nothing's too low for me. . Now come on, you look stupid hanging down there.
Training exercise successfully completed
You should've seen your face. You were like, "Aah, no! Betrayal."
Come on, Catra We're senior cadets now. I can't believe you're still pulling such childish, immature Is that a mouse?!
What!? Where!?
Are you ever going to not fall for that?
I don't know Are you ever going to let it go? That was one time.
I know, but for some reason it's alwaysfunny
Adora
Shadow Weaver
You have done well You've completed your training course in record time.
Uh, well, that wasn't just me You know, Catra did, too.
Ah, yes How someone as unmotivated as you completed the course in that time, I'll never know.
Always serving up those pep talks, huh, Shadow Weaver?
Silence Do not be flippant with me, cadet.
Sorry Shadow Weaver
Adora, walk with me.. Adora.
Lord Hordak has been watching you He thinks you are a fine candidate for Force Captain.
Really? Force Captain? Lord Hordak said that about me?
Oh yes He sees great promise in you. In fact, he has elected you the honor of leading a squadron in the invasion of the rebel Fortress of Thaymor.
Thaymor? You mean we're finally seeing active duty?
You are seeing active duty
But I'll be able to bring my team along, right?
Your team is not ready They'll only slow you down.
Shadow Weaver, with respect, they've been training hard for this, too And Catra, all she wants is to get out there and prove herself.
Then she should have worked harder to prove herself to me This is what I raised you for, Adora. Now is your chance to prove yourself. I saw talent in you the moment I found you as an orphan child and took you in. Is this not what you've wanted since you were old enough to want anything?
Yes
With you at the forefront, we will crush the Bright Moon Rebellion once and for all Do not disappoint me.
Send her in
Your Majesty
I'm told you disobeyed orders and led the Rebellion into a dangerous combat situation after you were ordered to retreat
I was trying to protect a village from falling into The Horde's grasp
You were reckless and put yourself and the other rebels in danger
Fighting is supposed to be dangerous! How are we going to hold our own against The Horde if we keep retreating? Pretty soon, we won't have anything left to defend
I'm growing tired of your backtalking, Commander Glimmer
Why did you even make me a commander if you won't let me fight?
That's enough! You're grounded!
Mom!
You heard me!
You never let me do anything!
We arenot having this discussion tonight You are embarrassing me in front of my royal court.
Oh, I'm embarrassing you?
Go to your room!
I'm going!
What'd she say? Hey, what's this?
Hey! Give it back
No way You've been promoted?
Well, kind of I mean, yeah, I guess. Heh. But it's not a big deal.
Are you kidding? That is awesome We're gonna see the world and conquer it. Adora, I need to blow something up.
Umm.
What?
Shadow Weaver says you're not coming
What? My time was just as good as yours today What is her problem with me?
I mean, you are kind of disrespectful
Why should I respect her? She's just bitter that she doesn't have any real power that doesn't come from Hordak and everyone knows it I guess it sure must be easy being a people pleaser like you.
I am not a pe Catra, wait
Look, I'm sorry I didn't even think you wanted to be a Force Captain.
I don't Here, take your stupid badge.
Come on, Catra This is what I have been working for my entire life. I was hoping you could be, I don't know, happy for me.
Ugh, whatever It's not like I even care. I just wanna get out of this dump at some point before I die of boredom. I wonder what's even outside the Fright Zone anyway.
Why don't we go find out?
I take it all back You're officially awesome. I can't believe you actually stole a skiff.
Borrowed Please don't make me regret this.
I've always wanted to drive one of these things Here, gimme.
Whoa, there Save us enough fuel to get back.
That's a problem for future Adora and Catra
I'm driving I want it.
Can't have it!
Let me
Give me I'm doing it.
Adora I want it.
No, I've got it
Catra!
What is it?
I think this must be the Whispering Woods They say there are strange, old monsters in there, an and the trees move when you're not looking. Every Horde squadron they've sent in there has never come out again.
Let's go in
Wait, what?
Woohoo!
Catra, slow down! Catra, tree! Tree!
Adora!
Catra? Huh? Whoa Cool.
Balance must be restored Etheria must seek a hero.
Adora, Adora
Hey, Adora? Adora!
Catra? What happened?
You fell out of the skiff after you drove it into a tree
No, you drove it into a tree
Ah, up for debate Come on, let's go.
Wait Where is it? Where'd it go?
What?
Ther There was a sword It was right here. I tried to touch it, but it got really bright.
Are you brain damaged? Don't be brain damaged Oh, Shadow Weaver's gonna kill me.
I'm not brain damaged It was here, I saw it.
Well, there's nothing here now So, come on, let's go.
"Dear Mom, I know you'll never read this, but I have to say it somewhere I feel like you... don't respect me.  Watch it! You almost hit me!
Hey, Glimmer
Shh! Bow, what are you doing here?
What did you say? Come down here
I can't, I'm grounded
What?
I'm grounded
..What?
I'm.. grounded.
I'm so mad at my mom
Is this about the siege on Elberon?
I was just trying to defend another one our villages from falling into The Horde's Clutches She stationed me all the way out here because it's too remote to ever get attacked, but then it did, and it was my one chance to prove that I can do this. But she acts like I can't do anything because I'm just a princess.
That doesn't make any sense Everyone here is a princess. I'm, like, the only one who's not a princess.
Tell that to my mom
Hey, where does this go?
Bottom drawer
Anyway, your mom might have a point Only reason you got out of there is because of your teleportation powers, and, let's face it, they don't always work that well.
Looking for support here, Bow!
I'm just saying, if you wanna prove yourself, it's gonna take more than running recklessly into any old battle Luckily, I've got just the thing. Check this out. I detected a piece of First Ones tech in the Whispering Woods. A pretty powerful one, too, by the size of these readings. If you find this one and bring it back, your mom is bound to be impressed.
Did you forget I'm grounded?
Glimmer? Are you in there?
Uh..
Ah!
Glimmer?
Everything's fine, Mom
Is someone else in there? I heard voices
No one else is in here Can you please just leave me alone?
I don't appreciate your tone right now, young lady
What tone?
That attitude of yours is never gonna help you know
Mom, you always tell me what to do
You cannot act that way!
And that's not fair!
I'm in
Adora Adora. Adora!
Hey, where are you going?
Back to the woods There's something I need to figure out.
What? You're not
What is wrong with you? You've been acting weird since we got back Are you sure you're not brain damaged?
Look Catra, I know I saw something out there It's ju I just need to get another look. It feels important somehow.
Sounds good Let's go.
No I don't want you getting in trouble on my behalf. Just cover for me okay? I'll be back before anyone knows I'm gone.
Adora! Adora!
Come on! Come on!
Uh! Please tell me we're not lost!
No, this thing is just acting up Looks like it's being overloaded by the tech's signal. We must be getting close!
Uhh.. I think it's that way.
What makes you say that? Oh, yeah That'll do it.
What are you doing out here, Adora? Catra's right, this is crazy There's no sword, you just got hit on the head a little too hard. You should just go back home and forget about all of this.
Bow, just let me lead the way, okay?
The light came from the edge of the forest
Yes, you saw the light It's this way.
the Sword of Protection
The trackpad says otherwise
It's this way
Horde soldier!
I see her!
Bow, catch
Give me the sword
Get off Stand down. I don't wanna hurt you.
Since when do Horde soldiers not want to hurt anyone?
What?
Hello, Adora
Who are you? What's going on?
My name is Light Hope I have been waiting a long time for you, but I could not reach you until you forged your connection with the sword.
You sent the sword?
The sword is meant for you Etheria has need of you, Adora. Will you answer its call? Will you fight for the honor of Grayskull?
What are you talking about? What What is-- What's Grayskull? You're not making any sense! I don't understand!
You will
Wait!
Hey! She's awake
What happened?
Quiet, Horde spy, I ask the questions How did you make it this far into the Whispering Woods?
I just walked in And I'm not a spy.
Sure, sure You just so happened to find yourself in the Whispering Woods, like you just so happened to try and steal our sword.
It's not yours I found it first.
The Whispering Woods is under the Rebellion's protection You were lucky to make it as far as you did. Come on, Bow. Let's get this spy back to Bright Moon where she can be interrogated properly. This is perfect. Not only do we First Ones tech for the rebellion, we've also captured a Horde spy. My mom's gonna be so impressed. Now come on, on your feet.
You positive we're going the right way, Glimmer?
I know what I'm doing, Bow Can you please just trust me for once?
You know I always trust you, but I'm starting to get a little freaked out I mean, I pretty much grew up in these woods and I've never even seen this part of them. I've heard stories about weird stuff out here.
It's fine, okay? Just let me figure this out
Okay! Touchy Sorry about her. Usually she's really nice. Not much for talking, huh?
I prefer not to swap pleasantries with my captors
Fair Suit yourself.
You know she's a princess, right? How can you follow her? Princesses are a dangerous threat to everyone on Etheria
Is that what Hordak told you?
Well I thought it was just common knowledge They're violet instigators who don't even know how to control their powers.
You've never actually met a princess, have you?
Well, maybe not in person, but..
What happened to this place
Don't play dumb with me I bet you were part of the raiding party that did this.
What are you talking about? The Horde didn't do this
Oh yeah? You're a heartless destroyer, just like all the rest of your people
I'm not a destroyer Hordak says we're doing what's best for Etheria. We're trying to make things better. More orderly.
This is what's best for Etheria? Ever since The Horde got here, they've been poisoning our land, burning our cities, destroying everything in their path And you're a part of it! How's that for orderly?
This doesn't make any sense The Horde would never do something like this.
Did you really not know any of this? I mean, your army is called the Evil Horde
Who calls us that?
..Everybody!
The Horde rescued me when I was a baby and gave me a home They're my family. You you don't know them like I do.
Maybe you don't know them like you think you do
There's something out there Something big.
How big?
So, pretty big then
Watch out!
Hey, bug brain! Come on, Magic Sword Oh, where's a blinding flash of light when you need one?
Adora Adora. Adora.
Will you fight for the honor of Grayskull?
. honor of Grayskull?
For the honor of Grayskull!
Glimmer?
Yeah, I see her, Bow
Okay I wanted to make sure it wasn't just me.
Huh?
Stay where you are!
What did you do to me?
What do you mean what did 'I' do to you?
I didn't know being a princess was contagious!
Okay, okay, everyone, calm down! Wanna tell us how you did that?
I didn't do anything All I did was pick up the sword, and then, woosh, I'm in a tiara!
I don't care how she did it We just have to make sure she never does it again!
Do it again! Do it again!
Bow!
Do what you did before
I don't know what I did before!
No time We have to go.
What is this place?
No idea, but in there's gotta be better than out here
Everyone, grab on, I can get us in there!
Glimmer, no! You've never teleported three people before
Do you have a better idea?
What's written on this door? It looks like some kind of password
You can read that?
You can't?
What's it say?
Uh, "Eternia"
Oh, come on!
So, Horde soldier, have you always been able to read First Ones' writing?
Wanna tell us what exactly is going on here?
I told you I don't know I just read the word on the door
Right..  You read a word in a language that no one's spoken for a thousand years, and the door just opened into a mysterious ancient ruin. Sure.
You think I did this on purpose? You think I wanted to be a princess? Princesses are monsters
Monsters? You're the monster!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Glimmer, she did save us.
I don't care! We can't just trust her, Bow Or have you forgotten everything the Horde's done to us? The people we're lost.  We need to find another way out of here and get her back to Bright Moon as soon as possible. My mother will know what to do with her.
Hey, so, thanks for saving us from that bug thing back there when you could've escaped instead
Okay, well I didn't save you I just wanted to get the sword, okay?
Are you sure it's not because you secretly like us?
Wh? I don't like you You're my captors.
Sure
Thanks for saving us anyway I'm Bow, by the way.
Adora
"Adora" Ah. Weird name for a Horde soldier.
Is it?
For the honor of Grayskull
What are we doing?
Nothing! I mean, uhh. Look at these carvings. I think this might be a First Ones' ruin.
What's a First One?
You've never heard of the First Ones?
The First Ones are the original settlers of Etheria They disappeared a thousand year ago, but they left behind a lot of old ruins and technology. Like this place.
So, what happened to them?
No one knows They just disappeared. The Horde didn't tell you about them?
Seems like there's a lot the Horde didn't tell me
Ugh How do we get out of here?
Hey! Wanna turn on some lights, Adora?
I don't know how to do that
Maybe there's a magic word Ooh, what's the First Ones' word for "lights"?
I don't know I'm not magic.
Obviously Everyone, stand back.
Uh, Glimmer? Maybe you should take it easy We're a long way from Bright Moon. It'll be awhile until you can recharge.
Bow!
You have to recharge your powers?
Can we not talk about this in front of the Horde soldier? Now, stand back
Whoa
Wow Are you okay?
I'm fine, Bow
Oh hey! That's you!
What? That doesn't look anything like me
No, I mean, the other you The scary one in the cape.
That was me?
You can read that inscription, right? What's it say?
It says.. "SheRa."
Greetings, administrator
What is this thing?
What is your query?
I think it's some kind of ancient hologram
What is your query?
Uh.. Hi. What is this place? How do we get out of here?
What is your query?
Welp She's broken.
She's old I'm surprised any of this stuff still works at all.
Administrator not detected Lockdown initiated.
I didn't do it!
No No. No lockdown! No lockdown! Adora, you gotta get it to stop!
What makes you think I can?
Query not recognized
There's gotta be a password or something!
Uh, stop it! Uh, Eternia! Eternia! Give me the sword!
What? No!
We need the scary lady in the cape I don't know how, but she's the key to this place, so maybe she can get us out.
You're a Horde soldier I'm not giving you the sword.
Eternia! Uh, cape! Uh.. SheRa!
Hold on!
Glimmer, no!
Glimmer!
Glimmer? Glimmer!
Did it work?
Yeah, it worked Barely. Are you alright?
I'm fine  I think I used too much power getting us out of there.
I don't know who could've predicted that.. Oh, right. Me.
Bow..
Like an hour ago
Bow!
Sorry I'm just glad you're okay. No more teleporting for awhile, okay. You could really hurt yourself.
I'm fine, okay? Let's just get back to Bright Moon so I can recharge already Why are you still here?
What?
Bow and I are hardly a crack security team You could've escaped at any time. Why didn't you?
I just I wanna figure out what's happening to me, and if I go back to the Fright Zone, then I'll never know I never knew where I came from or who my family was. Shadow Weaver said it didn't matter who I was before, that-- that I was nothing before Hordak took me in. There's always been a part of me that I don't know anything about an-- and all of this, it feels familiar somehow. I don't know how else to explain it.
Glimmer's mom knows more about First Ones' tech than anyone She'll know what's going on with you and the sword for sure. So, if you want your questions answered, stick with us?
Let's go There should be a village a few miles from here. They'll be able to give us a ride back to Bight Moon. We've wasted too much time already.
For the last time, where is Adora?
For the last time, I don't know You think I keep her on a leash?
I know you're lying You two are close. She would never depart without telling you.
Then I guess she let us both down, huh?
Have it your way I already know where she is. We've been tracking her.
Uh, then why did you ask me?
Because you are going to bring her back
I don't think so
Your insolence will not protect her You will do as I ask.
Oh, yeah? Or what?
Or you will suffer the consequences in her place
Okay, the jacket comes off
Why?
If the villagers see a Horde soldier, they'll freak out We gotta fix all this.
I feel ridiculous
That’s ‘cause you need something to tie it all together
I don't like it
Point is, you don't look like a Horde soldier Just keep a low profile. We'll be in and out.
What is this?
It's a festival Like a big party. You don't have parties in the Fright Zone?
Oh, right, parties I mean, yeah, pfft, of course. I, uh I don't know what that is.
Ah!
Did you even hear me? I said, in and out!
She has never been to a party before, Glimmer! This is serious
So, seriously? No parties ever? What do you guys do on your birthday?
Huh?
No birthdays?! How is your life this sad?
What is that?
That would be a horse
It's majestic
You wanna go meet it?
What? No!
Come on, it's okay See, he likes you.
This is the best day of my life
Bow
Come on, I know you like her, too
What's going on?
It's the Horde!
Why are they here? The people of Thaymor aren't a threat
Did you say Thaymor? This can't be Thaymor
Did you know something about this?
No I mean, yes. But there's a mistake. Thaymor's supposed to be a heavily fortified rebel fortress, not a civilian town!
Do you really think that matters to them?
This is a big mistake I just need to talk to them. Get as many people out as you can. I'm sorry!
Adora!
Stop!
Adora!
Catra?
They let me drive a tank Believe it?
I don't understand Why are you here?
Uh, duh, we came to find you "Cover for me, Catra. No one will even know I'm gone." Did you just get immediately captured right after you snuck out? What are you wearing?
Uh Bow!
Hey!
There's no time We have to stop this.
What? Why?
Look around This is a civilian town. These aren't insurgents. They're innocent people.
Yeah, innocent people who kidnapped a Horde officer Let's get back to the Fright Zone. Shadow Weaver is freaking out.  It'd be funny if she weren't such a terrible person.
Catra, no I can't go back. Not until the Horde leaves this town alone. Help me.
What are you saying?
I’m saying, this is wrong They've been lying to us, manipulating us. Hordak, Shadow Weaver, all of them.
Duh! Did ya just figure that out? Manipulation is Shadow Weaver's whole thing She's been messing with our heads since we were kids.
How could you possibly be okay with that?
Because, it doesn't matter what they do The two of us look out for each other. And soon we'll be calling the shots. Now, can we go home?
I'm not going home Not after everything I've seen. Come with me. You don't have to go back there. We can fix this.
Are you kidding? You've known these people for, what, a couple hours? And you're just gonna throw everything away for them? Ugh What happened to you?
I don't know But I have to do something. I'm sorry, Catra!
Ah! I think that's all of them What will we do?
There's nothing we can do You're almost out of arrows and I'm almost out of magic.
You can't say that You're Glimmer. You throw yourself into every fight, no matter how hopeless.
Ugh Every decision I've made in the past day has almost gotten us killed. My mom's right, I'm not ready for this.
No You are not giving up now. I’m sorry your mom doesn't see how strong you are. You can do this, Glimmer, and you’re not alone.
You're right We need Adora.
Didn't she just sell us out to the Horde?
I don't think she did We need to find her. She can help us. Just trust me. Okay?
Oh, man That was a lot stronger than I thought. Are you okay?
Catra!
Sorry! It was a reflex
Why are you doing this?
Because you left me And if I don't bring you back, Shadow Weaver’s gonna have my head. So, enough with your weird little identity crisis and let's go home. Or do I need to zap you again?
Glimmer?
Watch out!
Adora!
What are you doing? Why did you save me?
We need you We need SheRa. I should've given this back to you in the ruin. You could've saved us and I knew that. But I was stupid. And a jerk. And I'm sorry!
You're not a jerk I'm the Horde soldier. How do you know you can trust me now?
I don't But I hope I can. I feel like maybe you're here to help us.
For the honor of Grayskull!
It's been an honor serving beside you, Horsey
Bow! Are you okay?
Is that Adora?
It's SheRa
Retreat!
Catra..
You did it!
I did?
You saved us You saved everyone!
I did it I turned against the Horde. I turned against the Horde! I can't go back now. Where am I supposed to go?
Hey, hey It's okay. You're with us now. C’mon, let's go home.
Bestfriends squad! Wait, whose horse was this?
Hello?  I carry the sword of SheRa, and I've come here for help Is anyone there?
Greetings,  administrator What is your query?
Oh I need your help to heal my friend. She's been cursed, and II don't know how to save her. The legends say that She-Ra could heal people using this sword. How do I do that?
What is your query?
Not this again  ...For the honor of Grayskull!
How about now?
Administrator detected Welcome, SheRa.
One more time What can you tell me about this sword?
SheRa, Princess of Power
How can I use the sword to heal my friend?
Query not recognized
The legends say the sword has healing powers Is that true?
One of the Sword of Protection's many intended functions is to heal and restore balance
But how do I do that?
Query not recognized
How can I use the sword to heal people?!
One of the Sword of Protection's  many intended functions is to heal and restore balance
Okay Is there someone else I can talk to?
Query not recognized
Okay Has visions from when she first found the sword]  Let me talk to Light Hope.
Light Hope(?)
Light Hope That's her name isn't it? The woman I saw when I touched the sword for the first time? Where is she?
Yes, Light Hope is here She has been waiting for you.
Can I talk to her?
You will meet her soon enough But first, you must let go.
What's that supposed to mean?
You are not ready yet You must let go.
Let go of what?
Hey! Watch it!
Catra? What are you doing here?
Unauthorized presence detected Security protocol activated.
No, no, no, not again!
What just happened?
This isn't good You're not supposed to be in here.
What are those?
Also not good!
Come on! We need to run!
What's going on? Why are those things trying to kill us?
They're trying to kill you This place sees you as an invader.
Well, can't you tell them to stop?
No, I can't tell them to stop! Clearly nothing in here is listening to me!
Adora?
Stand back!
What are you doing?!
You shouldn't be here, Catra Those things aren't going to stop until they get you, and as long as I'm protecting you, they'll see me as a threat, too.
Uh, good thing I didn't ask you to protect me
Wait, you know, what Okay Why are you here, anyway? I mean, how did you even find this place?
It sent up a beam of light a mile high It wasn't hard.
..Does Shadow Weaver know you're here?
I'd say Shadow Weaver's got bigger problems right now  Why are you looking at me like that? Wait. Nooo... I know what this is about.  Ugh, I knew you'd be weird about me letting you escape. I told you it's not because I like you.
I mean, I didn'tI didn't say anything
Anyway, what are you doing here?  Where are your new best friends? I thought you guys did everything together
Oh, my friends? You mean the ones you kidnapped and held for ransom? The ones you let Shadow Weaver imprison and curse?
Yeah, obviously What other friends would I be talking about?
..Come on. Those things will be back any minute, we need to get out of here.
Well, we don't need to go together You do your weird little magic quest thing, I'll find my own way out.
Another dead end
No, it's not  Eternia.  Eh, long story.
Cool, you found the Infinite Darkness room Have fun, I'm gonna find another way around. ...Uh...where'd the door go?
Wait, I think I see something Hello? Light Hope?
What's
What kind of game are you playing?!
Whoa, whoa! I have no idea what's going on There's no way we can actually be in the Fright Zone!
So what is this, another Shadow Weaver mind trick?!
I doubt it Now let-go of me!
Hey, you! Guard ...Uh, hello?  Hey, Adora! This isn't real! ...Adora?  Adora?!
Catra?
Adora!
Hey, Adora? There's a
Shh
Does it look broken to you?!
It's not broken, you're fine!
I'm bleeding!
You're not bleeding! And why would you try and pick a fight with Octavia anyway?
I didn't do anything, all I did was exist near her ...And scratch her on the eyeball. And call her a dumbface.
Catra
What?! She has a dumb face!
Where is she?
Hey, Octavia!
You're a dumbface!
She's coming!
Run!
What was that?!
It must have been some kind of simulation It's tapping into our memories. Why, I have no idea...
Ugh, this place is so weird How can you deal with all of this magic stuff?
I'm only dealing with it because I need to figure out how to heal Glimmer after someone got her cursed
What do you want? An apology?  You're not getting one
..Can I ask you something?
Can I stop you?
..Why did you help me escape after Shadow Weaver captured us?
Not this again
It's the one thing I can't figure out You didn't have to do that. You could've gotten caught...why risk it?  Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Did you really think I'd just let Shadow Weaver erase your memory like that?
I dunno Probably.
Yeah, well, you never did have too much faith in me
Can you blame me?
Not really
It wasn't all bad growing up in the Fright Zone, was it? I mean, you still have some good memories, right?
Of course I do But it doesn't change the fact that the Horde is evil. I had no choice. I couldn't go back. ...Hey. I miss you, too.
Wha?  I don't miss you  Get over yourself!
Not until you admit you like me!
I don't like you!
Oh, come on!
Oww!
You okay?
And there's our winner
Good work, cadet I like your focus. This win will definitely be reported back to Lord Hordak.
What was that? Way to gang up on me!
You were fighting dirty I was just leveling the field.
Hey, you were awesome!  Did I hurt you?
No, I'm fine You're just lucky I let you win.
Right..
I'm serious!  If I came in first, people might expect me to actually start doing stuff around here Trust me, second place suits me just fine.
Yeah, okay Come on, let's go cool down.
In a minute, I'll meet you there
Hey, guys, wait up!
Catra?  Catra!
Adora!
Catra!
Adora!
Are you okay?
I had it
Sure you did, we need to make sure we stay together from now on
Will you stop telling me what to do?!
I'm sick of this stupid place Let's just get out of here.
What is your problem? I was just trying to save you
For the last time, I don't need you to save me I've been doing just fine on my own. No thanks to you.
Catra, wait ...I'm sorry for leaving. I couldn't go back to the Fright Zone, not after I saw what the Horde was really doing. I never wanted to leave . ...You could come with me! Youyou-you could join the rebellion! I know you're not a bad person, Catra. You don't belong with the Horde.
Let's just get this over with
Catra, wait up!
What's it like being the world's slowest person?
Whoa
It's open
We're definitely not allowed in there
You don't have to go in there
Wow..
Mamaybe we should get out of here
Get out!
Catra..  ...you stay.
What do you think you're doing in here?
We were just playing
Insolent child I've come to expect such  down as well.
Shadow Weaver, it wasn't her fault, it was my idea, too!
You have never been anything more than a  of you myself  Do you understand?
Please stop!
She didn't mean to!
Adora, you must do a better job of keeping her under control  Do not let something like this happen
You always need to play the hero, don't you?
I was only trying to protect you
You  protected me! Not in any way that would put you on Shadow Weaver's bad side
Admit it You being her favorite!
That's not true!
Oh, yeah?  When you left, who do you think took the fall for you?  Who was protecting me then?
You don't have to let Shadow Weaver treat you like that anymore You can leave-just like I did!
Oh, because I need to follow you everywhere you go?!
I didn't mean it that way
I don't Want. To leave. What don't you understand about that? I'm not afraid of Shadow Weaver anymore, and I'm a better Force Captain than you would've ever been.
You always said you didn't care about things like that..
Catra, just wait!
Why do you think I gave the sword back to you in the Fright Zone? I didn't  you to come back, Adora!
For the honor of Huh?
Let Me. OUT OF HERE!
..Catra?
Catra, it's okay, it's just me  It doesn't matter what they do to us, you know? You look out for me, and I look out for you. Nothing  bad can happen as long as we have each other.
You promise?
I promise
..Come on, let's go back out.
Stop it, I'm not your enemy Light Hope... Just let me talk to Light Hope!
Catra?
Hey, Adora
Catra, help me, please..
This thing wouldn't work for me if I tried, would it? It only works for Then again, you're special That's what Shadow Weaver always said.
Catra..what are you ?
Ah, you know? It all makes sense now You've always been the one holding me back. You wanted me to think I needed you. You wanted me to feel , right?
Catra, no, that's not how it was..
The sad thing is, I've spent  happened to me  I am so much stronger than anyone  ever thought.
I wonder what I could've been if I'd gotten rid of you sooner..
II'm sorry! I never meant to make you feel like you were second best! Please don't do this!
Bye, Adora I really am going to miss you.
Catra! Catra, !
Adora
You must Let. Go.
And then there's the day, Catra and I were on a  together! Did I ever tell you about that?
I'm pretty sure you did
Yep, you did
I think that's really when we made our  click?
Yes, it was like that with Emily
What happened to ? You're filthy! Are you okay? Do you need first aid? Do you need to be nursed tenderly back to health?!
Scorpia, remember that talk we had about personal space?
Oh, right Tenfoot radius.
How'd it go? Did you find it?
Uh, why is the princess loose?
Ohhh, right  Seriously, though, did you find it?
An intact data crystal?  I have never seen one so perfectly preserved This could be a gamechanger. Who knows what secrets it could contain?
Oh, man, I knew Catra could do it  It's like I was telling you,  she is the best friend ever.
..Just keep it down. I'm going to bed.
Council, we're looking for plans to strengthen our defenses against the Horde Who would like to go first?
Me, me, me Me. Me, me.
Who besides Glimmer would like to go first?
Mom Uh, eugh, your majesty  You should let me, Bow, and Adora continue our princess recruitment mission. If we can form a new Princess Alliance, The Rebellion would actually stand a chance for once.
The princesses withdrew from the last alliance They chose to focus on protecting their own lands.
So, are we supposed to just.. give up? Please, let me try. All I'm proposing is a diplomatic mission.
So, what do you propose?
Anyone approaching Bright Moon by sea needs to pass through the Salineas Sea Gate It's controlled by Mermista now that her father's retired. With her on our side, the Rebellion could control the seas. We NEED this alliance with her, Mom.
The journey is treacherous, Glimmer  I'm not sure.
Don't worry, Mom  With SheRa, we can conquer anything.
And, uh, we're also gonna need a boat
With SheRa and a boat, we can conquer anything
Aaaaand an experienced sea captain
With SheRa, a boat, and an experienced sea captain,  we can conquer anything
Very well
Yes!
I mean it, Glimmer No violence, and no collateral damage.
Thanks, Mom, you won't regret it
This is so cool  Seaworthy is just like I imagined it. Everyone here looks like a real pirate!
Focus, Bow We're just here to find a sea captain.
No pirates?
No pirates
Arrrr
None of these people look qualified to sail a ship
Excuse me
Er, we're looking for a sea captain to take us to Salineas
I won Drinks all around. Put it on my friend here's tab.
Uh,  hiiii  We were told you're a sea captain?
I am the one and only Sea Hawk
Has my reputation preceded me?
Your name is Sea Hawk? That's the coolest name I've ever heard!
Captain Sea Hawk, we're interviewing potential captains to take us to Salineas Would you like to apply for the position?
Apply for the position? I am the one and only Sea Hawk I'm offer only.
Okay Just because "Sea" is in your name, doesn't tell us anything about your ACTUAL qualifications.
Qualifications? I once ran the 50klick Galebreath Gauntlet in less than 20 klicks I maneuvered the straits of Serpentine with nary a chip in the paint of my bow. My shanties are considered so desirable, that sirens fling THEMSELVES into the sea at the sound of them. And because I can tell you're wondering, my mustache is... naturally shiny.
It IS shiny You're hired.
Ow
Whoa, there, kids What makes you think you can afford me?
I assure you, Captain Sea Hawk, money is no object
Behold my fee
Money might be an object You know what, fine.  We'll just find ANOTHER sea captain.
Good luck with that You won't find another soul who knows the treacherous route to Salineas as well as I do. I brave it often to visit my close personal friend, Princess Mermista.
You know her?
Uh do I?
Okay, well, here's the deal We go one round, winner takes all. You win, we leave you alone. I win, you take us to Salineas.  At no cost.
That's a terrible deal But I am undefeated at arm wrestling. Let me show you how it's done, lassie.
Go Adoraaaa, put him in the dirt
This is so dumb
Ha! Is this the best you've got? I once beat a Tyrosaur with biceps the size of my head in an armwrestling match that lasted two weeks
Ha!
Yeah!
Adora is in Seaworthy I'm giving you one more chance to bring her back.
Uh..didn't Hordak just order to you to  going after Adora?
And who is going to tell him? You?
Fine About time you started treating me like a Force Captain anyway. I'll bring her back.
Not so faaast You won't be going alone. You'll be joined by Force Captain Scorpia.
..KITTY!  Just so you know, I'm a hugger.
Is this some kind of ?!
Scorpia will see that you are..kept in line.
Ugh Okay, whatever. You're at least giving me a vehicle, right?
Something like that
No..not
BOATS! Oh, I just love boats, don't you?  Wind in your hair,  ocean on every side, miles and miles from the nearest dry land.. watery death awaiting at the slightest mishap... Man... that's what I call living.
Yeah, I'm really gonna need you to shut up..
Aw, are you seasick?
Now, just focus on me, okay? It'll help
Put me  with you?
What are you looking at?  Get back to doing boat things
Welcome aboard
What happened to ?
Tragically, they went down in flames..
How did  happen?
I set them on fire  ADVENTURE!
Are we sure about this guy?
He just needs to get us there
You'll of course be expected to earn your keep by helping out around the ship Never fear I will teach you everything you need to know...in !  --What are you doing?
Oh I noticed your mainsail wasn't secured, so I fixed it.
Tying proper knots is a task that takes  to master.. You did these just now?!
Yes!
Excellent work  Even if it is just beginner's luck...  We'll also need to set a lookout.  Come on, Sparkle,  we'll sing a shanty duet and I'll show you how to climb the ratlines...
Wait, how did she
I unfurled the jib
By yourself?  Not even a sailor as experienced as.. could do that.
Oh, so what you're saying is  I'm better at this than you are?
And the name is Glimmer
Well, you are a strangely overqualified crew ...What do you even need old Sea Hawk for?
Your map? Can we focus on our super important mission, here? More sailing, less shantying
Of course, Shimmer! A top secret mission from the Queen! I'll get you there straight away I'm as excited to see my dearest Mermista as  I know she is to see me.
My name is Glimmer!
Something's wrong.. According to the map, we're way offcourse.
WHOO! Yeah, let's go! Go, Adora Yeah!
Ha!
Best three out of five!
No! No more armwrestling I spotted a ship graveyard in the distance and we're heading straight for it.  Is  worried about this?!
What was ?!
Aha! We're here
The Serpent of the Sea I knew he'd be lurking in these waters.
Wait, you brought us here on
You see, I don't just provide sea transport  I give you a tale to tell your friends!  Come on, crew. We're in for a harrowing ADVENTURE!
For the Honor of Grayskull!
Waaatch thiiiiis!
Is that a normal thing she does?
Yeah It takes some getting used to.
Got it!  Wait, no!
Let me get this straight You steered us into a giant sea serpent just so you could, what, ?!
That was the plan, until your tall friend there STOLE my THUNDER!
Unbelievable We're trying to save Etheria and all you care about is whether we're  of our time.
Okay! Now, I got it  We're all good.
Adora! Get in the boat!
Why have we stopped?
The Sea Gate is blocking our path ...There's no way past, Force Captain Catra.
What?!  Oh, Shadow Weaver didn't bother to mention that there was a massive blocking the way to Seaworthy?
Wait, didn't you learn about the Salineas Sea Gate in Force Captain Orientation?
There's a Force Captain Orientation?!
Oho, yes there is!
All hands on deck! We're finding a way through that gate
Oo, impressive Captain yell
..Where is everyone?
Hmm..very odd, indeed. If I know the princess Mermistaand I-I do--something's amiss.
Halt! Halt! Halt, I say!  ..Halt...  ...What's your business in Salineas?
We've come to speak with Princess Mermista
Tell her Sea Hawk is with them, she'll be excited to see me
Ew, who let  back in here?
Princess! Oh, it's been too long I have dreamed of you night and day since we parted.
Uhhuh..  And who are you?
My name is Glimmer of Bright Moon We've never met, but our parents fought in the Rebellion together.
Oh, yeah.. I remember hearing about the old Princess Alliance. My dad said it was a  disaster.
I didn't think it was possible but your beauty grows greater with each passing day
Will you quit it? I'm  to talk to my new friend Twinkle ...Butler  can you bring us some horsd'oeuvres?
Oooo, horsd'oeuvres!
For everyone but Sea Hawk
Your guard is also your butler?
I'm a little understaffed right now  Everybody fled because the Gate is falling apart or whatever...
What?!
Yeah, I know, right?  It figures that I would inherit a kingdom that's crumbling, but it's totally fineI'm..handling it. It's just kind of inconvenient because the Horde  stop attacking us...
Why is the gate falling apart?
I mean, who knows, but it's getting weaker everyday, and if the Horde tries to attack us again, we're pretty much dead
The Horde is the reason we're  We want to rebuild the Princess Alliance. None of us stand a chance on our own, but we might be able to stop them together.
Yeah, cause that went  to help us
Mermista, if I may
No, no more shanties  Why did you bring him here? He is so  ...
I thought you said she liked you?
We have a rich and complicated past
If by that you mean you got us kicked out of the Dolphin Social for challenging the doorman to a , then sure
..I don't recall doing that.
And that time that you set our gondola on fire in the Tunnel of Love?
Ooo..that I do recall.
..This is First One's writing.
And, who is she again? What is she doing?
That's Adora She has a magic sword.
What does it say?
Uh..it's something about the Gate... The First Ones must have built it. It looks like the Gate gets its power from the Salinean Runestone... It could be that the Gate is failing because it's losing its connection to the power source.
Do you think you can fix it?
I can try..
Look, Mermista You need our help, and we need yours. If Adora can repair your gate, will you consider joining us? Please?
I don't know..I guess...  But he  to leave.
But..where am I supposed to go?
..Maybe wait with the boat, okay, buddy? We'll take care of the gate.
I  hope you know what you're doing
Uh..yeah, totally.  I got this... For the Honor...of Grayskull!
Wow Okay. That's...different.
..Is it working?
Don't distract me..this is a lot harder than it looks...
This might take a while  Ugh. Hang on.  Where are you going?
I'd really appreciate it if you'd stop doing
Are you leaving without us?
..Alone.  It wasn't always like this. Where I'm from, I had friends...a . Every day an adventure more daring than the last.  The fact that I kept setting my boats on fire was considered charming.  But here, I can't even get anyone to take me seriously.
Yeah..I know a little about that. I can't get anyone to take me seriously either.
You? But you're a princess...
Try being the daughter of an immortal queen, when your powers are  "sparkles"
Glitter
Glimmer
we just met, but I can tell you are a brave and powerful soul Anyone who'd underestimate you would live to sorely regret it.
Thanks, Sea Hawk And you know what? You still have friends and a crew.  Reporting for duty, Captain!
Uh..Adora?
It's the Horde!
What?!
Keep us going fullspeed I've got something more important to do.
They're coming for the gate!
I just need a little more time  Keep them busy.
Oh, come on
Oh ...You're big.
See ya!
Gotcha
Sea Hawk!
Bow! Are you all right?
That was.. AMAZING!
Thank you for noticing, Bow It  amazing.
Nothing's slowing them down What do we do?
I think I have a plan But no one is allowed to tell my mom about this. Sea Hawk, I need your help. I need you to do what you do best.
What?
Set your ship on
Yes!
Wow You know, the tiara actually gets stupider the more I look at it.
Catra.. How did you find me?
Did you think it would be as she pokes SheRa's tiara, making her grunt slightly] come on
What's your plan, insult me until I decide to rejoin the Horde?
I don't think Shadow Weaver is planning to give you much of a choice But, yeah, something like that.
Check it out Looks like with you gone, I got your promotion.
Congratulations
Seems like only yesterday this was the thing you wanted most in the world And now you're Come on, Adora, hasn't this all gone on long enough?
I told you before, Catra  I'm not. Going. Back.
Thanks
Yeah, whatever, don't mention it
Ha ha!
Adventure!
What the heck?!
Yay, that was cool I'm...over it, though.
Huh, what do you know, you actually fixed it
It's beautiful
I guess  gonna be needing a new ship?  I suppose you can have one of mine..
..She's gorgeous...
Don't set it on fire
No promises  But, Princess,  if I might ask for one more favor?
You're always ruining it
You should think about joining Glimmer's Princess Alliance  She is a brave and strong captain.  With her at the helm, she is sure to lead the Rebellion to victory.
Aw, Sea Hawk..  You even got my name right.
Okay, I'm in
Really?
Yeah The Horde almost destroyed my home. I wanna help fight them.  Plus, your friend over there can turn into like an eightfoot tall lady with a sword, and I want her on my side.
Excelsior! Huzzah!]
Wow, okay, calm down
You won't regret this, I promise
Uh, hey, guys, I got an invitation to the All Princess Ball, Winter Wonderland Do you know what this is?
Princess Prom! Princess Prom! Princess Prom! We are going to Princess Prom!
Okay, you've gone crazy I'll just come back later.
The ball is a meeting for all the princesses of Etheria
And a giant party! Dancing, food, fancy dresses
Dancing?
It only happens once a decade I've been waiting years for this!
Uh, I'm only a princess sometimes, so are you sure I should even go?
Of course! Every princess is invited! That includes you!
Oh yeah It's all in the invite.
Rules for greeting the hostess Expected curtsy depth? Proper stair descending etiquette?
The ball has been going on for centuries There's a lot of etiquette stuff you gotta do before you can party.
It's gonna be so much fun! And Princess Frosta is hosting it this year in the Kingdom of Snows! Her magic is incredibly powerful She'd be a huge get for The Rebellion!
Don't worry! I'll be with you and so will Bow 'cause he's going as my plus one!
Uh actually
It's the best friend squad in action! Right Bow?
About that.. I'm going with Perfuma.
What!?
I'm sick of this Shadow Weaver failed to get Adora and if Hordak finds out she'll take us down with her. She's obsessed. We need to think big picture. It's time for someone new to take over. Me. So, you in?
I'm hanging out in your room!
Unfortunately, you're the only one I can trust around here
Because we're best friends
Stop being so you and help me think I have the beginning of a plan, but it's not enough. I need to capture Adora so Shadow Weaver doesn't demote me. I need to impress Hordak so he'll make me the new Shadow Weaver. How do I do both?
Why don't you try something at the AllPrincess Ball? Every princess is gonna be there, so Adora probably will be too Ooh! This year's theme is Winter Wonderland.
How did you get this?
They sent it to me I'm a princess.
You're a princess!?
Yeah The Horde crash landed in my family's kingdom. We let them stay. My family gave Hordak the Black Garnet.
You're a princess?
I though everyone knew I mean, it's covered in Force Captain Orientation.
I'm beginning to think I shouldn't have skipped that Okay, so you're a princess, and you're going to a princess ball.
Oh no I'm not going. No. No one liked my family, even before we joined The Horde. I never really fit with the other princesses. I made them uncomfortable and they don't like that. They don't like me.
And that's exactly why you have to go! How dare they pretend they're better just because you're different! How dare they abandon people just because they don't fit into their perfect little lives!
Yeah!
How dare they take best friends and turn them into giant sword ladies who run off with people clearly inferior to you!
You're telling my whole life with your words
It's time to show those princesses a thing or two! You're going, I'm coming as your plus one and we'll make this a night no one will ever forget!
Super Pal Duo is going to prom!
I didn't think it would be a big deal
It's not It's fine. I'm just surprised. When did you two even talk about it?
Oh, she was super slick
Wanna go to the ball with me?
Okay!
That's super slick?
I thought it'd be fun And besides, Perfuma's cool, right?
She's fine But we always go to events together. We have our whole routine. We wear matching outfits, share inside jokes and eat ice cream afterwards. It's our thing.
Well, there's nothing wrong with a new thing I gotta get ready. We'll hang out there, okay?
But I liked our old thing
Glimmer! Good No time to waste!  I think advance prep will be key to success. I've divided the rules into base parts. Dance rules, etiquette rules, rules for greeting the hostess.  I'm familiarizing myself with targets. Ask me anything.
Princess Frosta
Ruler of The Kingdom of Snows, has the biggest kingdom outside of Bright Moon, neutral in the fight against the Horde Allies with the Star Sisters who are friends with Mermista, but not Sweet Bee who is dating Peekablue as you can tell by the string. Up means friends, down means frenemies. And I made an obstacle course! I'm feeling good! I'm prepared for any and all scenarios. I am so ready for this ball.
Great! What are you wearing?
I was just gonna go as SheRa I mean, she has better hair.
Well, you can't go as SheRa They have a strict no weapons rule. Neutral ground and all. So, you'll have to leave your sword at the door.
Ugh, how are there more parts to this invite?
You know what this means?
That clothes don't matter and I should keep on studying?
It's makeover time!!
Be careful and don't just lean it somewhere and don't keep it with the other swords or it might get confused!
Adora, c'mon!
Whoa Heh. It's big.
The ball is an ancient tradition A princess' first ball is a huge rite if passage. Plus, the Kingdom of Snows is really big.
Which is why we need Frosta If she joins us, the other princesses are sure to follow.
Here we go Hold for one, two and three. That's Frosta? But she's like, 10!
I'm eleven and three quarters
Revered hostess, we come under the ancient rules of hospitality, bringing greetings from Bright Moon And SheRa, the legendary warrior.
You are welcome under the ancient rules of hospitality Leave conflict at the door and please enjoy the ball.
Thank you your  majesty Couldn't have mentioned that she was a little kid?
You did all that research I assumed you knew. You know what? It's fine.There's plenty of time to win her over. Come one, let's rock this ball!
Oh! There's Entrapta! Heh
Adora! Glimmer! Are you here for the social experiment too?
Social experiment?
Different groups are forced to mingle Hierarchies form and break. It's the perfect place to observe behavior. And they have tiny food! Where's Bow? I wanna show him my new recorder.
He's coming later
Didn't he come with you? Aren't you two friends?
Why would you think we're not?
There he is! bow!
They're matching That's out best friend thing!
Feelings seem to be getting hurt
Hey, I'm here too Don't make a big thing out of it.
They're making up their own inside jokes? What? Is Perfuma his new best friend now?
Not gonna get into whatever is happening there
People walking around in circles
Or that Look, have you seen
She's a beauty can't you see? She's attending this with me! She's my princess of the sea! Mermista!  Oh hey, it's my crew
So, Sea Hawk's your plus one?
No He is just my ride. Just. My. Ride,
Of course  I am her plus one.
This is the best social experiment I've ever been to!
Whatever Do they have a kelp bar here?
To the buffet! Adventu Oh hi, Bow
Hey
That's so funny, Adora! What a funny inside joke the two of us just came up with!
The SheRa, Glimmer It's great to see you.
Perfuma was just telling me about a winged horse that ate all the apples in Plumeria and then flew away Sound familiar?
Sure Isn't this fun? Adora and I are having such a good time together, just the two of us. Right, Adora?
Okay Uh, we're gonna go say hi to people. Wanna come?
No, you guys go on We'll find you later. I wanna hear the rest of this funny story that Adora was just telling!
Perfect Frosta's alone. I'm gonna try and go smooth things over with her. Coming?  Never mind. I'll be right back.
Revered hostess I've come to apologize for earlier. I was so rude.
Yes, you were But as you're only an honorary princess, you can't be expected to know better.
Your kingdom is truly beautiful Princess Frosta I'm honored to be here.
Thank you Now, I expect you're going to ask me to join your Rebellion?
You know about that?
Of course I do Princesses talk you know? The snow peas and the cookies are touching. Do it right.
Princess Frosta, the Rebellion needs you Your kingdom is powerful. Your alliance could be the key to defeating the Horde.
The Horde hasn't threatened us here
That only because the Kingdom of Snows is so out of the way, it doesn't matter to Hordak right now Joining the Rebellion is your best bet.
The kingdom of Snows has defended itself perfectly well for thousands of years We do not need your help or your Rebellion. Please continue to enjoy the ball.
Perfuma was just telling about a winged horse that ate all the apples in Plumeria!
Where have you been?
I told you, winning over Frosta Actually, scratch that, failing to win over Frosta. Are you okay? Why does it bother you so much?
It doesn't! Bow can hang out with whoever he wants I just  I never had that many friends. It's always been just me and Bow. But now, what if he likes his new friends better? What if everyone does?
That's not gonna happen Trust me, Bow isn't the type to leave his old friends behind and neither am...
..I.
Revered hostess, you can't let them in They're from the Horde.
Revered hostess, Princess Scorpia was invited as per the rules of this ball Rules which I personally have the upmost respect for.
You do not!
Princess Adora The rules state that all princesses and their chosen guests are welcome.
They're up to something I can feel it.
That's enough! You look at me and see a child, but I have worked to hard to gain respect all to throw it away just because you feel they are up to something For centuries the AllPrincess Ball has been neutral ground. I will not dishonor that legacy. Scorpia is a princess. Princesses get plus ones. They stay.
Teenagers
Really, Adora? I'm shocked We're not breaking any rules. Didn't you read the invite?
I know you're plotting something From now until the second the ball ends, I'll be watching. Wherever the two of you go, I go.
Suit yourself Have fun with following us!
Glimmer, you take Scorpia, I'll take Catra
Mm Mm. Wow, that is good. Oh what is I don't even know what's in this. What? Sir? Garcon? What's in this?
Bow! Wait up!
Glimmer Hi.
There's something I need to tell you I know things between us have been weird all night. I just wanted to say..
I accept your
I forgive you
You forgive me? Glimmer, I'm allowed to hang out with other people
Bb-but that's how it starts Suddenly everyone has new friends and no one needs me anymore. And then, I'm all alone.
What are you talking about? you have me, plus Adora and everyone ho joined the Rebellion
That's what i'm talking about It used to be just us. And now, everything's changing. I don't want you to leave me behind.
No one is leaving you behind I wanted to hang out with you and Adora and Perfuma tonight. But you're the one who keeps acting weird and leaving. I know change is scary, Glimmer. But that doesn't mean you get to take it out on me. Now, if you'll excuse me, I am going to go get my cummerbund because it is freezing in here! We'll talk later, okay?
Princess Prom, hour two.. 37 minutes...
Don't touch her!
You're right This is a much better vantage point for my observations. Hi Adora. Have you met my new assistant? She brought snacks.
She stole my food then asked me to spy on people with her Is this what love feels like?
Entrapta, she's from the Horde The people the Rebellion are fighting. The Rebellion you're a part of!
Oh Well, we should keep a better eye on her 'cause she just walked away.
Is that a  Oh no! Princess Scorpia is planting heat bombs! We have to stop her!
What are you doing? Let me go!
It is my duty as hostess to now announce, it is time for the first dance of the Ball
I don't know about you, but I am having a blast
Whatever you're planning, it won't work
You sure?
I got into a fight with Bow and I don't know where Scorpia is!
What? Glimmer don't
Have you seen Bow? He went to get his cummerbund, right around when that Horde princess left
Do you mean Scorpia?
Glimmer, when did you last see Bow?
A while ago Isn't he with Perfuma?
No Perfuma says he's been gone this entire time.
Maybe my plan won't work But then again, maybe it already has. Say, where's your friend, Bow?
What did you do to him!?
Nothing permanent
Tell me what you did!  Revered hostess, she's got
Princess Ball is a ceremony of unity Violence is strictly forbidden.
You don't understand
I understand perfectly In accordance with the rules set over the centuries, I hereby revoke your invitation. You are to leave my kingdom and never, ever
Remain calm! Stop!
Glimmer! Catra has Bow You have to find him! Catra. What did you do?
I did nothing Scorpia, Lonnie and Kyle on the other hand were very busy. It was fun distracting you though.
This isn't a game!
It's never been a game to me I'm after something bigger, and no one is gonna stop me.
Bow? Bow! Where are you?  Get away from him! No!
Ha Trapped.
You wish
Hang on! I can get us out of this!
Oh, Adora I don't want you to.
Catra!
See you later, princess
Oh, I got it
Don't forget this
Oh, buttered biscuits I'll never get used to these things.
At least I don't have to get lost in that maze of hers anymore
A pig So cute.
Log Day 103. 104? No, definitely 103. First Ones artifact number 58 has yielded a treasure trove of intact code. If I can successfully translate it, it could hold the secrets of the First Ones.
Fascinating, my roots seem to be responding to the code This is remarkable. Could this be my biggest step yet in making ancient and modern technology truly compatible?
Edit to log, I am now going to run
Princess Entrapta will be a total catch for the Rebellion My mother is going to be so impressed!
Uh, I'm all for impressing Angella, but why is Entrapta so important?
She's a brilliant inventor She makes robots and rehabs old tech left by the First Ones. She's a pretty big deal in the Etherian makers community.Which I am a part of, because I dabble in gadgetry myself.
What does any of that mean?
It means, if we convince Entrapta to join the Rebellion, she'll invent all sorts of cool junk for us And then we'll finally have weapons that can stand up to the Horde's.
Like my trick arrows! I'm running low so I built some new onesThis one is a stun arrow. This one is an emergency flare. And this one, this one's just pointy.And here is my newest one.Sonic arrow!
When will we ever need a sonic arrow If we have to wake up really early?
Or if we get separated in a crowd?
"Separated in a crowd" I bet Entrapta will like my arrows.
Must have been a rock slide Any loud sound could cause another slide.We need to be as quiet as
FOR THE HONOR OF GRAYSKULL!
Ha! I'm getting the hang of this
That was incredibly dangerous
What's the big deal? It worked
You can't just bust through everything with magic SheRa could have caused an avalanche.
But she didn't, OK? I've spent my whole life without powers No way I'm going to stop using them now.
Whoa, she's got lightning
Something's wrong The castle's distress beacon is lit. They must be under attack.
There's been no reports of the Horde in this area
No, be careful!
You okay?
This place feels wrong.. It's nothing.
Hey, who's there?
Hello? Princess Entrapta We're here to, uh, recruit you for the Rebellion.
[creepy metal hand climbs onto GlimmerEeee, oh, eahlkdsjf
Okay, we need to be careful Entrapta has traps set up all over her castle. They're supposed to be really cool.
They're coming Get out of the square.
Who's coming? Is it the Horde?
Hello? Come back
I'm thinking we should probably move away from whatever is making that sound
This way
What the
Looks like one of Entrapta's designs Why would it attack us?
Alright, stand back
Careful, it could be a
Glimmer! Adora!
Bow! He's all alone with those things! He needs us!
We have to get out of here first
Come on, I'll teleport us out
Uh, is this out?
Ugh
Okay, no more teleporting from now on
Sounds like a good idea
Not again
Princesses! I'm saved!
Princess Entrapta? I mean, so good to see you I hope you don't mind, but we sort of let ourselves in.
And then we let ourselves out of your cage, trap thing
Welcome to Dryl! Things are usually really fun around here, but right now it's all kind of teensy bit deadly
Let me go
Please keep your voice down sir The robots respond to sound.
We're just trying to help you
Oh, thanks? What's going on? Why are the robots attacking people?
We don't know We're just the kitchen staff.
Miniature cupcake? Princess Entrapta only eats tiny food
And delicious fizzy beverages
Uh, thank you?
You'll be safe in here with us We've got enough food to last for months. It's tiny, but still.
The bots will run out of power eventually, right?
We need to do something You can't just hide in here forever.
Oh yes we can We don't have powers like the princesses. We can't  fight.
Sir, kindly quiet your whatever that is
It's a tracker pad It tracks energy signatures from magic. It will help me find my friends.
Are those little dot thingies your friends?
Gonna go with no
You're lucky I found you I designed the castle as a labyrinth. I'm the only one who can navigate it.
Which means you can help us find our friend?
Absolutely
Is she sure about that?
Hi, um, I think we passed this picture already
Oh, isn't it cute?You might be right I usually have my electronic map to get around. But, well, like my bots it's sort of evil right now.
Yeah, about that
Why did you invent killer robots?
You're abnormally tall Hello! I like your sword. It's First Ones tech, right? Can I touch it?
Uh, thank you, yes, and no, not right now
About the killer robots?
They didn't start out that way Usually they're super useful. They do almost everything for me. Cleaning, filing, basic hygiene. Oh, and they're sound activated. Here, I'll show you!
Uh, can we maybe not do that?
Isn't it adorable?
It's trying to talk!
Whatever it's saying, I don't think it's good
Make it stop
Make what stop?
Bot 329 is attempting to communicate
Oh no, bad bot
Princess!
SheRa! Stop!
Turn it off, turn it off!
Oh, the door won't hold much longer
Almost done
Are you sure about this?
Uh, you guys..
Now!
Here goes nothing
Shoot it already
I can't, it's a sonic arrow, it'll draw more bots
Is it over? I did that? Hey, I did that!
Nice work, now let's find my friends! Come on
Adora? Wake up, please wake up!
The tall one seems infected too She turned less tall.How does it work?
She's not an it, she's my friendAnd what do you mean she's infected too?
It's really fascinatingI've been experimenting with a disc that was recovered from a mine in Dryl.It was a gamechanger.It held more complete First One's code than anything I've ever seen before.But it seems to have reacted with the First Ones tech that powers my bots.It infected them with some sort of a virus.
But why would it make SheRa sick?
Well, I'd have to take her apart to be sure But since her sword is First One's tech, it must have spread through that.
First, you're not taking her apart She is a PERSON!  Second, if we destroy this disc, will that turn off the bots and stop the virus?
Destroy it? But the experiment isn't complete!
I think we can safely say that this experiment is a failure!
But what if it's not no, you're right, it's a failure
Glimmer, there's two of you That's nice.
How are you feeling?
Just peachy Why are we whispering?
Sound activates the robots
What ROBOTS?
The ones that are attacking us
Oh, those robots Okay, I'm going to take a nap now.
No no no no, stay awake, we have to go to Entrapta's lab and destroy this disc thing and then you'll be all better again
Better? I'm fine I'm SheRa.  Hi, Glimmer.
Come on, we've got to get to your lab She's getting worse.
Aha!
Oh, we're here I mean, uh, of course we're here. We were never lost.
Wow, the door is infected too, it won't let us in That is so smart. And awful. We're all going to die.
It's okay, I've got this one I'll just teleport into the lab.
Ooo, teleportation How does that work? Tell me everything.
Sure, but maybe later, when we're not, like, facing a robot uprising
It's a date
I'll be right back
Okay, I'm just gonna wait here
That was not such a great plan The lab is very full of robots.
How did they look?
Pretty evil I couldn't get anywhere near the disc.
Aw, he's kind of cute Uh, guys, a little help?
Please don't say it's more bots
No, that's Glimmer teleporting I know where Glimmer and Adora are. Uh oh, that's not good. We have to do something, we have to save them.
Oh no, sir, no thank you
It's one thing to fight them off out of necessity, but to seek out danger? It's madness Pardon me.
Look, they're princesses, they have powers I make baked goods.
Sure, we don't have powers like the princess, but that never stopped me, and it doesn't have to stop you
But you're a master archer, we're just ordinary people
I'm a master archer who's out of arrows, but that never stopped me eitherYou each have a skill that only you can do, even if it doesn't come from some magical jewel. You say you're just ordinary people, I say you're warriors of the Rebellion!
To the Rebellion!
Incredible development, the bots seem to be working together
Right now, I think that's a bad thing We need to find another way into the lab.
The air duct, we can use that
I don't suppose you have any other magical powers that could be useful right now?
I don't have enough energy to teleport us all Not without leaving someone's legs behind.
I'll give up one of mine if you give up one of yours
It's Bow!
Yay, there's a rainbow!
Nice!
Bow! You're okay! I was so worried
Big fan of your work, Princess Entrapta Uh, maybe not this work, exactly,but your other work.
Hi
Hi
You okay, Adora?
Oh, yeah, sure, I'm totally
Entrapta was experimenting with First One's tech, and it infected all of her machines with some kind of virus, and SheRa's sword got infected to and made Adora all, oh, weirdI teleported into the lab and it's full of bots and maybe we She-Ra we'd have a chance, but without her, it's hopeless.
We don't need SheRa We can do this together.
Okay, where's the disc?
How fascinating It has completely protected itself.
We have to find a way to turn it off
Hey, guys, I've found the bots
Adora!
Shhh
Glimmer!
We'll get your friends You two get that disc turned off.
Keep 'em busy
We got your back, princesses
That's not gonna work How do we shut the computer down?
Ha! The power conduit!
You dumb bots, you're going the wrong way! Bow, watch out!
Uh, why isn't the computer turning off?
It's running on its own power now! That's it We need to get outta here and burn this place to the ground. Experiment officially failed.
Wait, I have an idea
Now's your chance, sonic arrow! I believe in you!
Where am I? What's happening?
Thanks, former tall one, and companions, for saving our lives I would be honoured to join your Rebellion and provide you with weapons.
Thanks, guys You saved us all back there. The Rebellion needs regular people now more than ever.
We are ready
So, maybe you had a point before
What? I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you
I think what Glimmer is trying to say is that you were right, we can't always rely on our powers
Ooohhh, is that what you were trying to say Glimmer? That I was right?
Yes
And my sonic arrow was a great idea?
Yes, it was brilliant, and you were totally right, okay?
If you hadn't come, the bots would have gotten us for sure And, I didn't know that SheRa could get sick like that. What if it happens again?
It won't We destroyed that evil, SheRa hating disc.
Good, I never want to feel that way again
Thanks for saving us, Bow
All in a day's work for Bow and his band of Kitchen Knights! His Baking Brigade! Pastry Patrol! I'm still working that out
Oh, look at that rock just staring at us  Boy, that rock really needs smashing. And since SheRa's not sick anymore, she should probably smash it!
Aha! What? it's practise For the honor of Grayskull!
Log Day 105. 104? Eh. The last experiment hit a few bumps, but it was not a total failure. I made some important discoveries. The disc is way more powerful than I ever imagined. With a few adjustments, I'm sure the next experiment will be a success.
Hey, we made it
Whoa
Welcome to Bright Moon
Camera zooms in on Bright Moon castle
It’s so beautiful
Okay, I just need to go in there, recharge, anddeal with my mom  This’ll be fun.
Uh, Bow? Maybe we should take Adora in the backway?
Oh, yeah Good call.
What’s the back way?
Scene changes to Adora and Bow climbing up acliff
This is the back way?
It might seem weird, but we totally come in this wayall the time
Oh! Hey, here Why don’t you put this robe on? Noreason.
You’re trying to hide me
What? No!
Glimmer! Where have you been?
Hey, mom
All of Bright Moon has been worried sick What wereyou thinking?
Mom!
How could yoube so selfish and disobedient?
Glimmer
Scene changes to Bright Moon’s runestone, whereGlimmer is recharging
Are you all right?
I’m fine, mom
Don’t think you’re not still in trouble You didn’teven take the time to charge up before you left?
I didn’t think I’d be gone that long
Where did you go, anyway?
Okay Bow and I found a piece of super powerful FirstOnes tech in the woods. We knew it would really help the Rebellion, so we wentto get it and bring it back. But we got a little sidetracked. It was fine,though, and I totally had it under control. And while we were out there, wefound something even better!
What did you find?
I can’t tell you yet But you’re gonna love it. Ipromise!
Glimmer—
Ah! Just wait here I’ll be right back.
We are not done talking about this, GlimmerGlimmer!
Scene changes to Glimmer’s bedroom
Okay, I get it I’m guessing the people of BrightMoon are gonna be a little less welcoming of a Horde soldier than you led me tobelieve.
Maybe a little
How little?
Think pitchforks and torches
It’s just that the people of Bright Moon have been reallyhurt by the Horde Everyone here has lost someone in the war. You can’t blamethem for being a little suspicious.
Sorry
Hey, it’s not your fault Once they get to know you,the people of Bright Moon are going to trust you just like Glimmer and Ialready—
I’m here! Okay, my mom’s on her way, but noone panic
What?
I said no one panic!
Don’t worry, she’ll love you All you have to do isuse the sword to transform into SheRa before she gets here.
Wait, we’re jumping straight to SheRa with your mom?Are you sure?
Yeah, I don’t think my mom is going to buy, “Heymom, we found a Horde soldier Can we keep her?”
My mom is gonna love SheRa We can ease her intothe Horde stuff later.
Uh, Glimmer, look I don’t know if I can just ‘turnon’ SheRa. I’ve only done it when someone was in danger before, and it felt alittle out-of-control last time. I’m still figuring out how all of this stuffworks.
How hard can it be? Sword, magic words, poof! SheRa!
Hey You’re gonna do great, okay? Bow and I will gobuy you some time. Just hang out here with the sword and think SheRa thoughts.I believe in you!
Right Okay, sword, it’s just you and me now.So, uh…let’s do this.
For the honor of Gray—
Outside, a horse neighs
Scene changes to outside, where Adora meets thehorse while wearing the robe
Horsey!
Oh! This is much better There’s actually room to movearound here.
Ready to see something cool?
For the honor of Grayskull!
The sword light flashes, but nothing happens
Okay, let’s try that again For the honor ofGrayskull!
For the honor of Grayskull!
For the honor of Grayskull!
For the honor of Grayskull
For…the…honor…of…Grayskull
For the honor of Grayskull
Honor of Grayskull,blah blah blah
Oh, come on! Glimmer’s counting on me Don’t leave mehanging here.
For the honor of Grayskull!
The sword begins firing at random and hitsHorsey
Horsey, no!
Horsey transforms into Swift Wind
Okay…
Horsey, it’s okay!
Swift Wind runs off into the village
No! No, wait! Horsey! Stop!
Horsey!
Swift Wind creates a gust with his wings thatblows Adora’s robe off of her shoulders, and then flies away in panic
Come back!
Horde soldier…
Horde Soldier!
Wait, you don’t understand Stop! I’m not with theHorde. Just listen to me!
Go! Get her!
Don’t let her get away!
Move!
Volleys of arrows are shot at Adora as sheflees
Scene changes to Bright Moon castle
For the last time, what is this grand surprise thatI’m supposed to be so impressed with?
You’ll see it in just a minute, Mom I promise.
Bow, can you go check and make sure that thesurprise is ready for us?
You got in, Princess
I like that boy
I know you do, Mom And you’re gonna like thissurprise even more.
So…problem
What?
Your majesty A horde spy has been discovered on theBright Moon grounds. She attacked our troops with a sword and then fled withthe help of a winged beast.
What did you do?!
Scene changes to the Fright Zone
I’m telling you This new princess is no joke. She wipedthe floor with our whole recon squad. Twelve feet tall at least! Took out everyone of our machines with nothing but a sword.
Did you actually see her?
No And it’s a good thing, too. We were lucky to getout of there alive.
all sparkle,no substance She caught us offguard. That is all.
Sure You were the only one who saw her up close,and you didn’t even land a hit on her.
What? Did you freeze up?
You think I’m scared of some princess? Icould take her out whenever I want I know her secret.
Oh yeah?
And what’s that?
Hmm Like I’d tell you.
Easy, Catra Adora’s not here to protect youanymore.
Scene changes to the Whispering Woods
Stupid You just had to go out there, evenafter Bow warned you about the pitchforks and torches.
The stone on Adora’s sword begins to glow
What do you want from me now? Haven’t I doneenough for you?
For the honor of Grayskull?
Nothing happens
What’s wrong with you?
Razz
Horsey? Is that you?
Hm? Did you hear something? Yes, I did, too Who’sthere?!
I, uh, didn’t mean to intrude Um, but haveyou seen a flying horse around here?
Oh, Mara, dearie! Is that you? About time you gothere Come on now, there’s no time to waste. Let’s get going.
Uh, you were waiting for me?
[laughs[ We made plans to go berrypicking today
Look, I’m sorry, but I think you’ve mistaken me forsomeone else I don’t know who you are.
No, you don’t know Madame Razz, do you? You’re notquite the same This is the wrong time for my Mara, isn’t it? Now you’ve gotthe sword, instead.
Wait, what?
Ah! Well, never mind You’re here now, and there’s stillberries to be picked.
Scene changes back to the Whispering Woods
Hey, uh, you’ve said something about the sword Haveyou seen it before?
Don’t ask such silly questions, Mara Youknow you bring that sword around here all the time.
I’m not—Okay How long have you been living out herein the woods alone?
Alone? Me? Oh, no! I’m not alone I’ve got Broom here,and my friend LooKee, too! But he’s always hiding.
Oh, good, she’s got imaginaryfriends
Camera pans the length of a First Ones structure
Whoa
Ah! Here we are
I think I’ve seen a place like this before This is aFirst Ones ruin, isn’t it?
And the best place to pickfresh berries!
Hey, be careful up there! That thing’s not safe
Razz places her hand on the top, and a light blastsher, causing her to fall]
Adora catches her as the ruins are bathed in anodd green light
Oh, dearie me! That was quite a tumble, eh?
A light flashes from the top of the ruin, andstars appear in the sky
Stars?
Oh, we used to come here to look at the stars Do youremember, Mara? They’re all gone now. What happened to the stars?
I’ve seen them before I know all of this somehow.
of Adora’s memories flash across the screen
The visions subside, and Adora grips her headRazz eats one of her berries, unfazed.
What is this? What’s happening to me?
Look, I know you brought me here for a reason If youknow something about the sword, about me, you need to tell me!
I brought you here to pick berries, and your basket’sstill empty So, come on, silly.
Whoa!
Scene changes to the Fight Zone barracks Catraflops down onto the bed and glances over at a drawing of her and Adora on the wall.
Catra!
What do you want?
Impertinent as always, I see With such agrand failure under your belt, it would benefit you to show more respect,cadet.
I did exactly what you told me to do  You are the one who didn’t warn us there wouldbe princesses there.
bring back AdoraInstead, your squadron is ravaged, your war machines destroyed, and Adora isstill missing.
if Adora wanted to come home, she'd be here right now Adora's gone. She defected. And I’m starting to think she had the right idea. So maybe it’s you who should be showing a little more respect to me.
Lies!
The lights shatter
I am out of patience to address your incompetenceand your insubordination, cadet You will answer to a higher power, Lord Hordakhimself.
Scene changes to the Whispering Woods
Wait! Will you slow down?
Eh? What’s that, dearie? I don’t have my glasses; you’llhave to speak up
Oh, I know you can hear me I just—I need you to tellme what to do!
How would Madame Razz know what you shoulddo?
Look, I left my whole life behind, looking foranswers about where I came from and who I’m supposed to be The Rebellion hatesme, and I can’t go back to the Horde. And I wanna do the right thing, but I don’tknow what that is.
Adora and Razz stop in front of a field full ofabandoned Horde war machines
Ah, it’s the same old story, dearie Wicked peopledestroy what they cannot control.
They can’t just do this!
Once, the princesses would have protected us Butthese days, they—they stay in their castles, protecting only their own lands. Meanwhile,the Horde creeps ever closer.
You’re very like my Mara, you know? Brave, loyal, but afraid
I’m not afraid
Dearie… You ran into the woods and asked thefirst old lady you could find what you should do!
No one is going to make this easy for you, dearie Stopwaiting for someone to tell you what the right thing to do is.
You’re a smart girl What do you think?
I think…this is wrong
Horsey
Huh?
Scene changes to Swift Wind being tied down by agroup of Horde soldiers
For the honor of Grayskull
Adora transforms into SheRa
Keep those lines taut
Adora tears open the net restraining Swift Wind
Turn off your machines and leave this place now!
It’s the princess Get her!
Huh? Uh…
That’s my girl
Take that,you great lump! Razzle Dazzle!
Razz, no! You can’t be here!
Woohoo!
SheRa is hit by a laser and collapses suddenly
Mara, dear!
Yeah!
Razzle Dazzle!
Scene changes to Adora being awakened by SwiftWind
Hello, dearie
Ow
Swift Wind and I have been talking while you wereasleep He thanks you for coming to his rescue.
Swift Wind?
That’s what he prefers to be called Also, he wantedme to make sure that you know that “Horsey” was a stupid name.
How do you feel?
I’m…I’m okay I think I know what I need to do.
If the princesses won’t defend Etheria, then I will
I need to get back to Bright Moon
Ah, that’s the spirit, dearie!
Will I see you again?
If you need me, you will always know where to find me
Who was that girl?
Um…any chance I can get a ride backto Bright Moon, Swift Wind? Please?
Scene cuts to Adora riding Swift Wind throughthe skies
Woohoo!
Scene changes to Bright Moon castle
How could you possibly think this was acceptable?!
Mom, you don’t understand! You’re not listening!
You’ve shown remarkably poor judgment! Allowing aHorde soldier into Bright Moon without telling me?
Your majesty, it’s not all her fault
Bow, I think it’s time you went home Glimmer and Ihave a lot to discuss.
Mom!
A golden light floods the room as SheRa enters
It can’t be
I was trying to tell you Mom, meet—
SheRa
Your Majesty, I’ve come to pledge myself to theRebellion But first, there’s something you should know.
SheRa transforms into Adora
She’s a Horde Soldier
Mom, this is Adora
I know you haveno reason to trust me, Your Majesty But I’ve seen for myself the atrocitiesthe Horde has committed against the people of Etheria, and I’m ready to fightto stop them. If you give me the chance, I know I can help the Rebellion turnthe tide of the war.
I know the legend of the warriorthe First Ones called SheRa They said she would return to us in the hour of ourgreatest need to bring balance to Etheria. I never thought she was anythingmore than a myth.
And yet you’re here now And in the uniform of aHorde soldier, no less.
You would pledge to stand with us against those youonce served?
Yes
Glimmer, you would vouch for her and takeresponsibility for her?
Yes
Then rise The Rebellion accepts your allegiance, SheRa,Princess of Power.
Angella returns the sword to Adora
SheRa! She-Ra! She-Ra!
Welcome to Bright Moon!
But for real this time
Scene changes to Lord Hordak’s lair
Lord Hordak Kneel!
toreturn Force Captain Adora to the Fright Zone Instead, our forces suffered a humiliatingdefeat.
Then you mean to tell me that you’re still down aForce Captain?
Yes, my lord But rest assured, nothing willstop us from finding Adora and bringing her back.
No You will elect another Force Captain and resumenormal operations.
But, my lord, Adora is the only viablecandidate
You have Catra Was she not your ward, as well?
Catra has been nothing but a disappointment tome
If you have failed to condition her properly, youhave no one but yourself to blame
But, my lord—
Enough I have made my decision. Rise, Force CaptainCatra.
(Hordak gives Catra a Force Captain badge Catratakes the badge skeptically.)
Hmm        (Catra looks down at the badge and smirks.)
The Whispering Woods are freezing over! What'll we do?
We have to get home! We have to make sure everyone at Bright Moon is okay"
Catra! You've gotta see this!
Tidal waves, Fire Storms, Earthquakes. maaaan, Etheria's really taking this hard. I mean Yay for us but also woe."
Entrapta;  The experiment has been more effective than I could ever have dreamed, this proves my hypothesis correct! With the Black Garnet functioning at two hundred percent power the precarious equilibrium that governs all of Etheria's natural functions has been thrown into complete chaos! No doubt as a result of the other elemental runestones ey!"
Translate
By making the black garnet more powerful, we've sapped power from the other princesses Runestones, upsetting the balance and making the weather go screwy It's all in my notes if you'd like to"
Woa woa woa woa wait! What was that you just said about making the other princesses less powerful?
Well the Elemental princesses that is, You don't have to worry about me and Scorpia I don't have a runestone and Scorpia doesn't appear to have any connection to the Black Garnet anymore if she ever did."
Huh? Somebody say my name?"
And how would we make an effect like that.. Permanent?"
Well, I'd have to run more Tests to know for Sure but"
Or yeah, that should work too
Get a strike team together, we're going to Bright Moon
Bright Moon? Why?
Because, we're going to take out Bright Moon's Runestone, and with the Whispering Woods frozen over.. there's nothing stopping us.
Look! [H
That's Bright Moon! It's the distress beacon
Hang on!
Mom!  What's going on?
The elements are out of harmony The Moonstone is using all its power to counteract the growing cloud of darkness.... but it's not enough. It's taking nearly all my strength just to keep my connection with it.
That cloud is coming from the Fright Zone
So what's our plan? We do have a plan. right? Guys?
The woods are frozen over There's nothing left to shield Bright Moon from the Horde. We have to prepare for an attack.
our scouts have reported citing the entire Horde Army in the woods, moving towards us at top speed
We protect Bright Moon at all costs If the moonstone is destroyed, there will be nothing left to stop the darkness,
Someone must've seen the distress beacon by now, why hasn't anyone come?
The Alliance is broken and other princesses have their own kingdoms to protect  No one's coming Bow.
Someone's come!
Is it the princesses?
] Spinnerella and Netossa ha ha, thanks for coming guys..
You still don't know what we do, do you?
Aaaah. no.
Seriously?! It's in the name, NET Tossa  NETS, I toss NETS! Okay?
Yes darling, you have beautiful nets
At least you have powers, which is more than I've got But it doesn't matter. I don't need magic to fight!
Glimmer, not only are you without your powers but your still glitching, it's too dangerous
But mom!
Your mom is right Glimmer, I don't want any of you risking yourselves SheRa can do this alone. This is what she's for.
Adora, not even SheRa can take on an army of Horde soldiers ALL on her own
Then what good is she?
Adora.. are you okay?
Catra will be leading the Horde when they attack I have to face her. I can't let her hurt anyone else.
What happened to you in that first one's temple?
I saw Catra in there I thought I could get through to her, but all I did was push her farther to the side of evil. Light Hope said that I'd endanger my friends by coming back and she was right. Everything that's happening now is my fault...
You've got this And we've got your back.
Now come on, the Horde will be here soon We have to be ready.
welcome to the Bright Moon armory! Well it's not really but I've been sneaking weapons and stashing them in here for months!
Dibs on arrows!
Aaaaah.. no.
Glimmer
Ah ma mom! How'd you know we'd be in here?
Did you really think I wouldn't notice you were hoarding weapons?
I'm sorry mom I can't just stand by while my friends and my home are in danger. I have to do this.
I know
Mom I.. wait, what?
I've been trying all these years to mold you into someone more like me.. but you're too stubborn and hotheaded, and brave.. like your father.  This was your father's staff, I think it's time you had it.
They're here  For the honor of Grayskull!
We got this Right?
Yeah..]. Definitely.
They're going to be sorry they ever tried to mess with Bright Moon
Defend the Castle
Adora!  SheRa need's our help
Go to her I'll keep The Moonstone lit in the darkness away from the battlefield as long as I can
You heard the Queen
Hey Adora
Catra  Surprised to see me?
Not really, I figured it wouldn't be that easy to get rid of you
You know, I'm actually glad you did make it out of there alive... because now..  I can take you out myself.
Well isn't that nice? You've accessorized! Not that it's going to help you!
Boom! Nets!
Tired already? I thought punching was supposed to be like the one thing you're good at
And I thought you were supposed to be quicker
Give it up Catra, there's no way you win this
I already made it a lot further than anyone thought I would
You on the other hand, you're not looking so good
This isn't over!
OF COURSE it's not over!
It won't be over until Bright Moon is destroyed and the rebellion falls It won't be OVER until darkness covers Etheria forever. And it won't be over until I see the looks on your friends' faces when they find out you failed. That you were too WEAK to save them!
Enough! You've lost Catra
You sure about that?
What? Did you really think this was about you?
That Runestone is your last defense... isn't it? HAHAHAHA! Have fun!
NO!
So where were we? Oh yeah, Was about to punch you!
Where's my shield? {She searches the water]
uuh ohh
Huu, Pretty!
Now, it's over
Come on!
Oh mom!
Princess!
Adora? Adora!
Come on,  Please tell me we can fix this
ah. I.. I am sorry,
it's okay,
ADVENTURE!
Don't do that
Sorry
Mermista! Sea Hawk! You Came!
Yea sorry it so long, the sea kiiiinda sucked today
Come on, GET UP!
I saw the distress beacon are you all okay?
No!
Frosta; I hope I'm not too late
No! You're right on time!
FOR ETHERIA!
Angella; Glimmer?
Glimmer; ] MOM!
Go on Go get them
YES!
Ha Ha, Glimmer! Your sparkling again!
Yeah! What I miss?
The Princesses are united! This is how it's supposed to be
What do you say? Ready to finish this?
Thought you'd never ask
We're in
Let's do this already
Sea Hawk; ADVENTURE!
Adora, it's over! Bright Moon is saved
And the princesses are finally united! We did it!
That is how it's done in the SEA, really good job
GOOD job Girls! ON to the next
Yeah! We did things ToGEther!
Isn't this wonderful! Ha ha!
Thank you
Force Captain, it seems your experiment has failed
ON THE CONTRARY! The experiment was a huge success, I know more about first one's tech than ever, this is Just the beginning
I got us closer to conquering Bright Moon than anyone ever has, not to mention the whispering woods is still in ruins Etheria is ours for the taking.
Very Well, force captain Catra... you will have other chances to prove your worth to me... As my second in command,
scene opens somewhere in the woods
Adora (mumbling in her sleep)
Adora
Adora (gasps)
Good morning Glimmer
Noooo It's too early. Five more minutes.
But it's a beautiful morning
Today's cancelled Go back to bed. I can feel you staring at me. Why is it the one who snores is always the first one to fall asleep?
What? I don't snore Adora, do I snore? Adora?
Adora (gasps)
Sorry, too early to teleport
What are we looking at?
I don't know I heard a noise in the woods last night. And I thought I saw something.
What? Like a bunny? Maybe a butterfly? Adora, did you get any sleep at all?
Someone has to stand guard
Okay, I know you're on edge because of what happened with Entrapta's infected robots, but it's all over now You've got to relax. You need a vacation. Which is why we're going to Mystacor.
Mystacor? No way
Wait, what's Mystacor?
It's a secret floating kingdom that's home to all of Etheria's sorcerers It's got tranquil gardens, beautiful beaches and healing springs. And my aunt Castaspella just happens to be the head sorceress there.
You'll love it Adora Plus you won't have to worry about evil things in the woods. Mystacor is protected by an invisibility spell, so evil can't find it.
It's the safest and most peaceful place in all of Etheria We'll have you relaxed in no time.
You know I've never relaxed in my life, right?
Well, we're here to change that Just wait.
Shadow Spy (hisses)
(theme song plays)
scene changes to the Fright Zone
Shadow Weaver, you wanted to see me?
Ah Force Captain. How kind of you to join me.
What's up with you? You're being spookier than usual
My shadow spies have found Adora She's on her way to Mystacor with her new friends. Mystacor. This is going to be too easy.
Another Adora mission Fine. When do I leave?
The only place you're headed is outside my door to stand guard I'm going to use my magic to go after Adora myself. You will see that I am not disturbed. Clearly, no one else can be trusted to bring her back to the Horde, least of all you. Now go. I said, go!
Catra (gasps)
From the farthest reaches of Etheria, I command you, be as one!
Shadow Spy (screeches)
scene switches to Bow, Glimmer and Adora
We're here!
We're on a cliff, overlooking a thousand foot drop
Yes we are, but not for long
Woohoo!
Uh, guys?
C'mon Adora, jump
Adora (grunts the gasps)
Oh, ouch You okay?
I'm fine I thought I saw (sighs) I must be stressed.
Hang in there Adora Next stop, Mystacor.
We rode a flying mountain through clouds It never gets old.
Uh, sure, yea, heh It was great.
Just so you know, my aunt Casta can be a lot But don't worry, I know how to handle her.
Is that my Glimmer?
Hi, aunt Casta
It's been so long since you've come to visit And Bow. And who's this?
This is my friend Adora She's sometimes and 8 foot tall warrior woman named SheRa. So, don't get freaked out when it happens.
Hi
Adora How nice Glimmer has started making some new friends. We were all so pleased when she started bringing Bow around. I was sure she had made him up at first. (laughs) Oh, you've done something to your hair.
What? Yes, I cut it
I can see that I also see you're not wearing the sweater I knitted for you. Don't you like it?
Sure, I like it It's great. It's just... it's a little warm for sweaters right now.
But you'd tell me if you didn't like it
Yes, I'd tell you
I'm wearing the socks you sent me
Well, I've always been fond of this one So, what brings you all the way out here to visit your aunt? Is it once in a blue moon already? (laughs)
We're on a diplomatic mission, Auntie I'm rebuilding the Princess Alliance and...
My goodness, you must be starving I'll have a feast prepared. I'm sure your mother hasn't been feeding you.
(people laughing, magic whooshing)
Wow
You've come at the perfect time, there's an eclipse this evening I'm headed right now to inspect the lunarium for the ceremony. And nothing would make me happier than to give my favorite niece and her friends a tour.
Uh, Bow and I have had the tour before And we don't want to get in your way.
It's all right Glimmer Adora hasn't seen it. It'll be fun.
Oh, well, I guess it's up to Adora then What do you say my dear?
Uh, sure
Oh, I like her
Scene switches to the lunarium
Wow
The lunar lenses We use them in the monthly ceremonies to renew Mystacor's magic defenses and keep us shielded from the outside world. You will be coming to the Eclipse Ceremony tonight, won't you?
Aunt Casta, I've seen the ceremony dozens of times And we're all really tired from travelling. Maybe we'll skip it this time?
Nonsense You're friend Adora hasn't seen it, and it's quite a sight to behold for a newcomer. Besides, don't you want to spend more time with your aunt?
Of course But we also really wanted to show Adora the beach.
Well, if the beach is the only reason you're here, I really shouldn't keep you, should I? I certainly don't want to waste your time
Auntie, I didn't mean it that way
Adora (gasps)
Shadow Spy (hisses)
Adora
Well, someone is enthusiastic Ah, yes. The hall of sorcerers. These are the Great Ones that led Mystacor through the ages. This is my Micah, my brother. We trained in these very walls together. Glimmer looks just like him you know.
He had a beard
Wait, Glimmer's dad was your brother?
Adora, do you know what aunt means?
No I was just hoping somebody would eventually explain.
Auntie, we're going to avenge my dad and make sure the Horde never hurts anyone else Mom believes in us, and in SheRa.
Well, if your mother believes, who am I not to? She's an angelic being after all, and I'm just a common sorceress
Uhg Please, not this again.
She never writes to me you know I send letters, but do I ever get a reply?
What happened to her?
Light Spinner A scar on Mystacor's past. She sought power and control above all else, and she was cast out. Although, some say she never really left. That she's only biding her time, waiting to exact her revenge. But those are only children's tales, of course. Anyway, on with the tour. Are you hungry? I've had the dinning room redone since the last time you were here, Glimmer.
Shadow Spy (hisses)
Adora (gasps)
Okay Aunt Casta's gone to fix us a big dinner and now it's finally beach time.
You okay?
It's worse than we thought You need warm sand and calming waves, stat.
Shadow Spy (hisses)
scene switches to the Fright Zone
It's time for something more
Shadow Spy (hisses)
scene switches to the halls of Mystacor
Shadow Spy (hisses)
scene switches to Mystacor's beach
So, we just, like, lie here?
Absolutely Letting your cares melt away. Didn't you do something like this to relax in the Horde?
Uh, no We hit things.
Well, this is so much better Right Bow?
Bow (snoring)
Just try it, okay?
Okay
Adora (mimics shooting noises)
Boop
Okay
Adora (mimics bird noises)
This isn't working for you, is it?
No Can I move now?
Yes Clearly we're going to have to take this relaxation thing to the next level. Bow, wake up. (claps hands)
What?
Come on We need to show Adora the steam grotto.
Whoo! Steam grotto
scene switches to the steam grotto
Wow
Right? Ah Ooh. Ah.
These pools are full of magical healing minerals The sorcerers use them to cleanse themselves of worry and fear before big ceremonies or spells. No just clear your mind. Breathe deeply. Focus on the warmth on your skin. Let your body go perfectly...
all (snoring)
Ah
Adora
Adora (shouting)
Glimmer (shouting)
No, no, no, no, no! Help!
Adora!
Shadow Weaver's here I saw her!
Adora, there's no one else here You brought your sword in here? Are you ok? What happened?
Shadow Weaver was here In the grotto. And she was in in the sorcerers hall too. I saw her shadow on the floor.
What are you talking about? Who is Shadow Weaver?
Shadow Weaver raised me in the Horde She taught me how to read and tie my boots and how to subvert the enemy and be victorious in battle.
OK Sure, mom stuff.
No, commanding officer stuff..and mom stuff.
Adora, she isn't here She was never here. It's not possible.
But you don't know what she's capable of
Sounds like this Shadow Weaver really did a number on you growing up But you're okay now. You got away from her. Do you wanna try something else? We could get massages, or find you something to hit, if that would work better.
No It's okay. I'm okay. I think I need to be alone. Clear my head.
You sure?
Yea
Adora has finally lost it Did you see her in there? I think she's going nuts.
I'm not crazy I'm, I'm not crazy.
scene switches to the Hall of Sorcerers
You're just a stupid statue Pull it together Adora, there's no way Shadow Weaver can be here.
Shadow Spy (growls)
For the honor of Grayskull!
Hey, Adora
Catra, where are you? How did you find me here?
Nope Getting colder.
Whatever you're doing, you won't get away with it Did Shadow Weaver send you?
What do you think? Shadow Weaver controls us both She always has.
Catra, wait
Catra's voice (laughs)
Catra?
The Horde had high hopes for you, Force Captain Disappointing. Does the Rebellion truly think you can save them? Nothing can stop the Horde, least of all you.
Show yourself
You will lead them all, every Etherian, to their complete and utter annihilation Nothing will be left of Bright Moon but smoking ruins. Your new friends buried beneath.
SheRa (yells)
What have you done?
Uh,sorry I didn't mean... I thought I just saw...
Adora!
Your friend has destroyed a thousand years worth of sacred writings She could have destroyed the lenses that protect Mystacor.
She didn't mean to Adora would never...
This is the kind of person you hang around with?
Auntie, wait
Glimmer
It's okay, I'll handle her
The Horde isn't here, Adora You need to sleep. Promise me you'll try.
Okay, I'll try
Shadow Spy (hisses)
scene changes to Adora's room in Mystacor
Glimmer Look, I'm really sorry about,
Save it, Adora How could you do this? I thought you were supposed to be our friend.
I am your friend
You've ruined everything I've worked for What kind of friend does that?
Glimmer
You know what? Maybe you should just go
scene changes to the Lunarium
(magic spells thrum)
Is Adora coming?
I didn't want to wake her up She needs to sleep.
(lunar lenses thrum)
(Shadow Spy erupts)
Castaspella (gasps)
all (gasp)
Shadow Spy (hisses)
scene changes to the grounds outside of Mystacor
citizens of Mystacor (screaming)
Adora, come on, we have to get out of here now
What's happening
The protection spell is failing We need to go!
Wait, stop What do you mean failing? Where's Glimmer?
Everything that's about to happen is your fault, Adora You're to blame.
Shadow Spy Bow (hisses)
scene changes to the Lunarium
Bow, Glimmer, Castaspella, unnamed sorcerers (groaning)
Adora
Shadow Weaver!
The eclipse is nearly over Adora When it is, the shield will be down. The Horde will conquer Mystacor and bring you home to me.
No, I'll stop you
Why? To help these people? Who are they to you? They don't understand you Just as they did not understand me when I walked among them as Light Spinner.
What?
They feared my dark power They'll never accept you. Not like I do.
No, no! You're wrong For the honor of Grayskull!
Sword of Protection (blinks weakly)
You know deep down what I say is true You are the ambitious, cutthroat, ruthless warrior I raised you to be.
No
The Princesses don't care about you They want to use you for your strength. Return now to the Fright Zone. Rule by my side.
These are my friends They've been kind to me. Something you never were.
I prepared you for greatness!
But you never loved me You just played twisted mind games. I'm none of the things you say I am. I'm not like you. You are bitter and cruel, and you're the one who used me! This is who I am. You hurt my friends, so now you're gonna pay!
It's too late The eclipse will be over in moments. Mystacor will fall and it will be your fault.
Adora (grunts)
Sword of Protections (thrums, transforms into a shield)
Shadow Weaver (yells)
Huh?
I can give you Etheria We can rule together. You were nothing before I took you in, Adora. And you will be nothing without me! You're weak!
Adora (grunts)
Adora, enough of this Come home.
moonlight (thrums)
I'm not going back You have no power over me anymore.
moonlight (thrums louder)
No!
lunarium (pulses)
all (exclaiming)
Adora, are you okay?
I'm okay Yeah, I think I'm finally okay. She's gone.
I'm so sorry we didn't believe you! We've been bad friends
No! You're not This is what Shadow Weaver does. She manipulates people, she pushes them apart. But it's never going to work on me again. I'm sorry, it's my fault she was here. I endangered Mystacor.
Nonsense, you saved Mystacor Glimmer has chosen her friends well. I'll knit you a sweater. What size are you in the shoulders?
I'm like, really tired
scene switches to the beach on Mystacor
Glimmer?
Right here, Adora
scene switches to the Fright Zone
Hello? Shadow Weaver? (laughs) You've been going about this the wrong way, old woman If you wanna take down Adora, you have to go for the heart.
Hello, Adora  You've come at last.
Light Hope.. I can't believe I'm really seeing you. I mean, I've seen you  in my brain, I think. But this is real!  Is this real? Wait, am I dead? I fell...I'm sorry, I'm freaking out.  I'm Adora.
Yes, I know I have been waiting for you since you were an infant, but I could not reach you. And I could not protect you from the Horde. I watched you grow up from afar.
Wow, that'sthat's kind of creepy, honestly
Creepy? Yes I have been called this before. I chose this form so as not to alarm you, but if it does not suit you, I will choose another.
Is this better?
Oh, no That'sthat's, um, that's definitely way worse.
Forgive me My human protocol is many years out of date.  Allow me to select a new form that you will find appealing.
Ooh, no, no, that's, thank you! No, that's enough, thano, that's--that's, that's t-totally okay, please stop!
But shouldn't she be  back by now? She said she was gonna  get training to  fix me! How long is that going to take OW!  And what kind of  puts a chair here?!
Okay, I'm worried, too, Glimmer, but taking it out on the furniture isn't going to help
We can't sit here and hope that she comes back eventually We have to do something.
Like what?
Princess? There's, uh, something here to see you
Don't you mean someone?
No I mean some.
Our horse!
am my own horse Call me  Swift Wind!
Yeah, yeah, I can speak my mind now, pretty crazySO, I was thinking--
He's a talking
As we've established Now
He has
Okay, I'll give you a moment to freak out, and then we need to talk
Great! I think Adora needs our help Since Adora transformed me, I've been able to feel where she is at all times. It's like instinct. But now I feel a pull, as if I'm being summoned to her side.
As part of Adora's herd, I need your help Will you come?
Of course Lead the way.
But, Glimmer, your glitching
Is what got us  to save her You in?
Always But...I don't think your mom is going to like us leaving so soon after our last mission.
She doesn't need to know We'll sneak out and be back before my mom even realizes we're gone.
Mom!
What are you doing here?
Coming to see why my guard was escorting a horse into your room
I like to think of myself more as a role model for all horse kind ...I mean, uh, what talking horse?  What's happening?
You should get going if you want to track down Adora
You're not gonna stop us?
Glimmer I told you I regretted giving up after your father died. I will not consign you to the same regrets.  Commander Glimmer. I order you to continue your mission to find Adora, and bring her back home.
Right away, Your Majesty ...Come on!
Uh, when we're back, I'd like to talk about freeing  the horses in your stables  I think that's seriously
Later!
Hey! Hey! I'm still talking to the queen!
Please be careful
Okay, Iwhat is going on here?
Catra! You got my note
The one you dropped on my head from the air vent that says, 'Come to my lab'?
Yes, that's the one I've made great strides in analyzing the data from the First Ones data crystal you brought me... Look!
Where did all of this come from?
Oh, you know Here and there...rooms...
Were there  in these rooms?
Well, not when I went back to take the stuff
You definitely belong here with us
..So! The data!
Ha!  Wow!  Whoa
Look at these readings It's incredible, this seems to confirm my theories about the technoorganic nature of First Ones machinery resulting in thaumaturlogical compatibility between magic and science!
I'm going to need you to try again, but this time, talk like a normal person
Scorpia seems like she understands
is drawing stick figures holding hands
I call it 'Super Pal Trio'! This is me, this is Catra, and I think it's clear, come on I mean, I'm a bit of an artist.
I looked at the rock, which is a crystal, and used math..wait, do I have to explain math to you?
Yes or no, did the crystal give you enough data to upgrade our weapons?
Weapons? HA! This is so much bigger than weapons This could change .
And what does mean?
You're asking me about my theories? I've waited !
I don't want to be rude, but, um..who are you?
I am Light Hope, Etheria's facilitator I was created by the First Ones, as you call them.
Okay, quick followup..who are the First Ones?
The First Ones were explorers who journeyed from beyond the stars to settle Etheria They built this place for you...the Crystal Castle.
Adora, I've waited so long for you, and now the time has come to show you your destiny
Great, because I actually had a quest
You are SheRa, Etheria's champion, appointed by the First Ones to protect and unite our planet There have been many before you, but the line was broken.  You are the first She-Ra in a thousand years.
Behold! Etheria The First Ones didn't just settle on the surface of Etheria, their technology runs throughout the planet's core. This whole planet it'sit's
Everything on Etheria is connected The princesses are granted power over the elements through their Runestones. As SheRa, it is your duty to bring the princesses together. Only then can balance be restored to Etheria.
That sounds great, but the things is
You are correct It  great.
And what are these supposed to be?
Runestones From the data I've managed to extract, they regulate the planet through the princesses. They're directly connected to each other and to the planet's power grid in a delicate balance.
Which ?
Which means they're our best access point to
When the princesses and their elements are in balance, Etheria functions as it should  But the Horde is destroying us in their quest for power. There is no predicting what they will do next.
Hypothetically, but it's not so simple There's only a handful of Runestones in the whole world.
Runestone? You mean like the Black Garnet? 'Cause  we  the Black Garnet
The Black Garnet? You have a has a Runestone?
Uh, duh It was my family's. But when the Horde landed, we gave it to Hordak, who then gave it to Shadow Weaver, whoyou know, you tell a friend, he tells a friend, it's like, it's kind of one of those things.
Where is it?! Can I see it, can I touch it?!
Okay, calm down What exactly are you planning on doing to the Black Garnet?
If we hack the Runestone grid, we could boost the Garnet's power and use it for..well, anything. As a power source, as
A weapon?
Potentially! But if it's like my other experiments, the results will be explosive
I don't think Shadow Weaver will like that
Scorpia's right Shadow Weaver won't like it. ...So, I will  get you the Black Garnet. Leave it all to me.
What do you have for me, little spy?
Catra! I've made great strides in analyzing the data from the First Ones data crystal you brought me.. Look!
This is all  good information, um, and I can't wait to hear more  just one thing, though
Is there something you do not understand? I can start again from the beginning, if you would like  I am Light Hope, Etheria's facilitator
No, no, I got it
Have I mentioned that you are chosen?
Can we skip to the part about my powers? I need to learn how to heal my friend
Your..friend?
Yes Shadow Weaver did something to Glimmer and took her powers away. I need to figure out how to heal her.
Her connection with her Runestone was disrupted
Can I fix it?
You will be able to do many incredible things..with training.
Great So, uh, how long will this training takelike a day, or--
Years
Glimmer doesn't have years She's hurt because of me, I messed up. I got Glimmer and Bow captured, and Entraptait's my fault! ...I have to fix it.
Yes, your mission is to fix the planet
My  is to help my friends That's why I came here.
You are SheRa Your purpose is to protect all of Etheria. You cannot help only your friends.
Why can't I do both?
Adora, you do not yet realize the power you have  You are distracted by your attachments. There was one before you who could not let go. Her name was Mara.
Mara? Madame Razz's Mara? What happened to her?
Mara was the last SheRa before you She struggled with a power that she could not control. Until it became too much for her mind.
..She snapped?
She was compromised She gave in to fear and faulty reasoning. Her desperate actions led to devastation. Mara stranded us in the empty dimension of Despandos. She broke the SheRa line. She nearly destroyed us.
..Adora. I have waited here for a thousand years alone. I did not know if I would ever see another SheRa. You must stay here and train. Learn to be the She-Ra that Mara could not be.
I will I will do whatever you want. I'll come back, and train, and learn about everything. But I have to heal Glimmer first. I can save the planet and save her.
You feel guilt at these memories It is as you said, your friends are endangered by your presence. It is better to let go now.
But..I can't just leave my friends...
Alright, hurry it up, those machines aren't going to hook up themselves
Shadow Weaver! Uh-We just, uh--
back in your place!
Oh, Shadow Weaver I can do whatever I want with this hunk of rock.
Absurd, by whose authority?
By mine
Lord Hordak! I don't understand
Catra and Entrapta have been working on a way to meld this strange First Ones tech with our machines to weaponize it I found out......and was intrigued. I gave Force Captain Catra and her team my blessing to go ahead. ...So, , Shadow Weaver. I am displeased with your interruption.
My Lord, you're really going to let thisthis  tinker with my Runestone?!
Her  to give or take, as I see fit
You can't.. You can't do this! I alone have learned how to draw power from it, a feat no sorceress has done before! I have unlocked its potential!
And you wasted it on parlor tricks Force Captain Catra, proceed. The Garnet is yours.
Yes, Lord Hordak
NO!
Stop her! Don't let her touch the
You will not take what is mine!
That's right, run away It's the only thing you've ever been good at!  You have always been a disappointment. You've learned  from me!
Oh, no I've learned
NO!
Come back..Come back to me!
Scorpia, restrain the sorceress  We won't have to worry about  any longer. Entrapta, if you would.
Alright, everyone Let's get .
Look!
And then I realized I'm free, but the other horses aren't So I named myself Swift Wind after the swift winds of revolution and left to go kick down stable doors. Freedom, equality, and hay for all!
Do you guys hear that?
Get behind me!
What was that about?
I feel something We should run. ...No. We have to get Adora. Adora, then run.
Swift Wind, what is it?
A bad thing Hurry.
Amazing! The Garnet is siphoning energy at a near exponential rate Yet the output is still building...!
What does that mean?
It means things are getting interesting
Is it just me, or is it really cold?
It's..snowing?
That's impossible It never snows in the Whispering Woods.
What's happening?!
The bad thing!
We can't stay here! Swift Wind, do you sense Adora?
There! She's over there!
This would be a great time for my powers to come back!
Wait..wait! I know this. Hang on, I think I can
What is that?!
Uh..this way!
Adora!
Adora! We're here! Wake up!
I think I can reach her Hold on.
Swift Wind?
Uh..Glimmer?
The Horde is hurting us Balance Etheria.
Light Hope? Light Hope, come back! I don'tI don't know what to do
Adoraa.. Adora!
Our horse?
Once again, I'm no one's horse I'm Swift Wind.
You can talk?
Yes, I can talk
You can ?
I can see now why you're friends with Bow and Glimmer They need your help, which is why I'm here. So....which way's the exit?
I don't know Light Hope disappeared and II don't know if I  go back.
What do you mean?
Light Hope said if I leave here, I'll make things worse She's right. Everyone will be better off if I just stay far away from them. It'sIt's for the greater good.
Well, that's just stupid
What? No, it's not
Adora, I've had the ability to form complex thought for like..a week, and even I know you can't help anyone by hiding. Where would all the horses I freed from their barns be if I just sat in a pasture and moped?
I am not moping..
I'm not! I hurt people, I ruined my friends' lives!
If that's true, then why are Bow and Glimmer here trying to rescue you?
Bow and Glimmer are risking their lives Not because you're SheRa, but because you're their . What good is all your power if you don't use it to help the people that you love?
..I'm not Mara. I'm not the SheRas of the past. I didn't do this to fulfill some destiny. I became She-Ra to help others. My attachments, my friends, are a part of who I am.
So Are you staying? Or going?
Let's go
Adora! You're back!
Adora! Spiders!
For the honor..of Grayskull!
Now, Swifty!
Hold on!
Guys, look!
It's not just the woods..it's...
It's the entire world
Bright Moon Swift Wind, hurry!
Wow.. What do you think it's doing?
I don't know But I can work with this.
scene opens in the Fright Zone
Sword of Protection (shimmers)
Check this thing out You've got to admit, Shadow Weaver, in a single mission, I inflicted more damage on the Rebellion than anyone else. I succeeded where even you failed.
Shadow Weaver
My Lord
I commend you on the capture of the Princess of Bright Moon Queen Angella has been given until the mornings moonrise to surrender herself to our forces.
Thankyou, Lord Hordak I thought you would be please with my work.
You have proven your worth to me Today.
Your worth? I'm the one who brought back the Princess of Bright Moon Not you.
You're under my command, Force Captain Therefore anything you manage to do right is credited to me.
So, I do all the work and you get the glory?
Sometimes that just the way of things
Glimmer (groaning)
Welcome to the Fright Zone, Princess
theme song plays
scene switches to Bright Moon
Your Majesty?
I should never have let her leave this castle And now, I'm faced with an impossible position. As leader of the Rebellion, how can I surrender myself to our enemy? And yet, as a mother, how do I... (sighs) I'm going to accept Hordak's terms. Glimmer is all I have.
You can't We have no guarantee the Horde will hold up their end of the bargain. We could end up losing you too.
A rescue attempt is too risky If we had SheRa we might have a chance, but without the Sword of Protection...
There has to be another way We can't just give up. I can rescue them. I know the Fright Zone. I'll find a way to get them back.
How are you going to do that?
I.. I don't know yet. But I'll think of something, I promise. I'll bring them home. (sobbing)
(wind blowing)
Huh? What are you all doing here?
We're the Princess Alliance And the Horde took one of our own.
We're ready for our first mission
Let's go get our friends back
scene switches to the Fright Zone's prison
(alarm blaring)
Dinner rations, prisoner
(tray topples to floor)
Ow!
Hey, what's your name?
Me? You're talking to me?
Sure Is that all right?
Uh, I guess, but no one ever talks to me I'm Kyle.
Hey, Kyle, I'm Bow Can you do me a favor? Can you tell me where they're holding the princess?
Princess?
She's my best friend No one will let me talk to her or even tell me if she's okay.
I'm sure she's fine Maybe. Or she's not. I don't know.
Do you know where she is?
No, that kind of information is classified They wouldn't tell me.
You have to help me get a message to her
I, uh I better be leaving now.
No, wait
I like your shirt!
Kyle!
scene switches to Glimmer's room
Okay This is the Horde prison. Glimmer and Bow are being held inside. Entrpata, this perfume bottle is you. Perfuma, you're the nail polish. Mermista, lipstick.
Ew Do you know what that stuff is made of? I'll be this knife.
I feel like Perfuma should be the perfume bottle That makes the most logical sense.
Maybe I could be a flower
Could I be this miniature painted model of Bow?
No! Those represent Bow and Glimmer And this one's mine. Bow made them for us. Okay, just... Everyone focus! Our entry point will be here, near the Horde's scrapyard. It's close to the prison and lightly guarded. Perfuma and Entrapta will access the security tower and wait for my signal to disable the lights. Mermista will access the Fright Zone's sewer system. She'll swim through the pipes into the building and open the door.
I'm sorry, Mermista will what?
I know it sounds bad, but your'e the only one who can breathe underwater
Super gross
Sea Hawk and I will take up position by the entrance The two of us will neutralize any guards on patrol. Entrpata and Perfuma will regroup on our position and the team will enter when Mermista opens the door.
Excellent plan Adventure!
scene switches to the Fright Zone sewer
Hm?
(sewage splashes, fan activates)
Mermista (shrieks)
scene switches to Fright Zone scrapyard
Mermista should be in place now
Adora's signal
Fright Zone log, day one I can barely contain my excitement! Hahaha. Hmm, the Horde's using an outdated wiring system. It really would work so much better if I just consolidated these conduits and rerouted the current here...
Entrapta? Now would be a good time for those lights
Oh, right (grunts)
(wires snap, alarms blare)
What happened?
We go on three Ready? One...
Forward!
I said on three
I got excited
Adora (knocks on door)
Where's Mermista?
She must've gotten held up Come on, we need to secure the guards.
Entrapta? Entrapta? (breathes deeply)
(bot beeping and whirring)
The subject appears to be harvesting scrap components, possibly for reuse Fascinating.
Entrapta? We're supposed to meet with the others
I know, I was waiting for you
Oh, how very considerate Let's go.
(bot whirs and beeps)
Ah, oh (exclaims)
So we don't get separated
(Horde skiff hums)
Psst
Halt! Who are you?
Me? I'm the inspector I'm here to inspect all the things.
Inspector? Inspector, of course! I must have forgotten you were coming We're long overdue for an inspection, I do have to admit it, but I can assure you we are up to code.
(Horde skiff hums)
Wha..? How did this happen? We had a plan.
Actually you kind of lost me at the perfume bottle
Where have you two been?
I tried to get here sooner but harmonious teamwork with Entrapta can be..a challenge.
This isn't a game It's the Horde. Glimmer and Bow are being held captive in this building and now Sea Hawk is gone.
Okay All right, everyone calm down. Maybe we could try a simple breathing exercise. Deep calming breaths, hmmmm.
(alarms blare)
Come on, we're going in
(door clangs open)
Could you not?
Huh? What happened to you?
Uh, the sewer happened to me
We can't waste any more time Bow and Glimmer need us.
Uh, can I get a thankyou?
Thankyou
(doors clang closed, Horde soldiers talk in background)
We need to get to an information port I'll hack into the data base and identify the cell block Glimmer and Bow are being held in.
Hey, where's the geeky princess?
(coughs) Okay, she is really putting a crimp in my harmony! (sobs)
Don't worry We'll find Entrapta and Sea Hawk and we'll rescue Glimmer and Bow.
I don't know, that sounds like a lot But you know me, I'm totally up for anything.
(elsewhere in the Fright Zone)
Fright Zone log, day one continued Keypads appear in every corridor and are capable of giving status updates on multiple systems.
(bot beeps as it passes by)
Wow Hello there little guy. (laughs)
(Horde bot powers up)
Well, hello to you too (chuckles)
scene switches to the Black Garnet Chamber
Glimmer (mutters, magic thrums, she yells)
I should warn you Princess Any attempt to teleport through these restraints will only cause you pain. It seems my Black Garnet and your powers don't mix. Besides, your mother will be here soon.
I know all about you and your mind games, Shadow Weaver Adora told me, so save it! And, by the way, she's not a fan.
But I'm not playing games What I said about Queen Angella is true. She's coming to surrender herself in exchange for your safety. Oh, it's such a shame, the toll this rebellion has taken on your family. First you lose your father...
SheRa will stop you!
There is no SheRa! We have the sword Not Adora. There will be no one left to stop the Horde. In a few hours Bright Moon will fall and Etheria will be ours to rule.
(Glimmer grunts, her magic thrums)
Oh, tsktsk Careful now. It would be a shame if we had no princess to exchange for the Queen.
scene changes to Scorpia and Sea Hawk
Well, you Horde types run a tight ship, I must say Everything seems up to code. Yes indeed, entirely up to code. You pass with flying colors. Now, unless you have something else for me to inspect, I should get home to my inspector children.
You know, you look familiar
Perhaps you've seen me, in your dreams?
No, that's not it Princess Prom. That's where I know you from. I knew it would come to me. You were with that mermaid.
She has a name you know! I mean, no, that wasn't me
You're with the Rebellion
Now, as a scrupulous inspector, threats (clears throat) normally wouldn't work on me But in this case, uh, perhaps we can reach a compromise? (computer terminal beeps) "Duck?"
Oh, where?
Oh! Duck!
Scorpia (yells)
Hi
Oh! That was a topnotch rescue
To be honest I wasn't sure which one of you I was gonna hit
scene switches to Adora and team
Okay, I found Bow's cell, but I can't find Glimmer in here anywhere They must be holding her somewhere else. This isn't good. (gasps)
(door whooshes open, bot clangs out)
What should we do?
I'm not going back in the sewer
It's okay This is my new friend, Emily. I reprogrammed her.
Where have you been?
Where have you been?
It doesn't matter We're all together. Let's finish this.
Entrapta (low level screeching in excitement)
Bow's cell is in section B, level 20 We'll get him out first then figure out where Glimmer is. Entrapta, can you get us up there?
Yes! I can I mean, maybe. I don't know. I'm definitely gonna try. (laughs) This is gonna be fun!
Okay, Sea Hawk, Perfuma you're with me
I'll keep an eye on this one, in case she tries to befriend any more robots
On to the rescue!
scene switches to the cell block
Bow Bow!
Kyle?
I'm supposed to be in the barracks Lonnie made me cover her latrine duty.
What's going on?
I found out where your friend is being kept Shadow Weaver has her in the Black Garnet chamber.
Oh, that sounds bad
Yeah, it's pretty bad But she's alive, at least. Shadow Weaver is planning to ransom her in exchange for Queen.
Why are you telling me this?
I don't know I guess, because your the first person who's ever listened to me.
I mean, I'm being held prisoner, so.. I don't know that I have a choice, but sure!
scene switches back to Adora and team
(machines whirring)
all (shouting)
Lonnie (gasps)
Whoops That's not right.
Lonnie (grunts, yells)
Entrapta!
Entrapta (yells)
machines (whir)
all (yell)
Perfuma (screams)
Perfuma! Hmm? (gasps)
Hang on!
You think you can just come back here?
Adora and Lonnie (grunting, yelling)
I need to save my friends
We were your friends
Rogelio (roars)
Mermista and Entrapta (scream)
(alarm blares)
Huh?
all (shouting and yelling)
Adora, are you all right?
Thanks to you
Great hit Perfuma
No one's ever, ever asked for my help before People here don't think I can do anything right.
Umhm That seems tough.
(clanging thudding in background)
Why am I telling you this? I shouldn't even be here I'm going to get into so much trouble if I get caught.
No! Wait, I mean (laughs) we're just talking How much trouble could you get in for talking?
Oh, you'd be surprised I get in trouble for everything around here.
That doesn't seem fair
I know! But then I thought how brave you are for wanting to save your friend And maybe, if I helped you, you could be my friend too.
Uh, sure, friends, definitely We can be friends. (chuckles nervously)
Entrapta and Rogelio (yelling)
Lonnie (yells)
Good team, geek princess
Goodbye!
Kyle (yells)
Bow! (laughs) We're here to save you
Adora!
Bow! Bow, where's Glimmer?
Shadow Weaver has her in the Black Garnet chamber Adora, what are we gonna do?
(alarm blares)
Come on
(computer terminal beeps)
Can you get it open?
I just need a little more time
(Horde soldiers shouting)
Entrapta (laughs triumphantly)
This vent system leads to where you can steal a skiff Each chamber needs to be sealed and purged before you can move on to the next one. The doors will only stay open for a few seconds, so keep up the pace.
Adora, what are you doing?
Don't worry about me I'm gonna buy you some time and find Glimmer. Meet you there, okay?
Adora!
(door slams shut)
I surrender, take me to see Shadow Weaver
(door whooshes open)
Glimmer, I'm here Don't worry everything will be okay. I'll save you. What have you done to her?
Leave us Report to the Force Captain barracks and pack your things. Now that Adora is back, there's no need for you there.
Seriously? After everything I've done for you, it's still her you want?
I said go!
Shadow Weaver, I'll stay here with you willingly, but you have to let Glimmer go first
Adora, no
Glimmer, are you okay?
You are correct Adora You shall stay willingly, because I am going to wipe your mind. You'll have no memory of SheRa or the time you spent with the Rebellion. Everything will be as it once was. As for the Princess, once I'm done, you'll be happy to have her as your prisoner.
No! Adora!
Adora (yelling)
scene switches to Bow and crew
We need to go back for Glimmer and Adora
We need to do what Adora said They'll make it out and we'll be ready with the skiff. No princess will be left behind.
scene switches back to Black Garnet Chamber
Adora (moaning)
Glimmer (grunts, shouts) (magic thrums)
Glimmer (shouts)
Shadow Weaver (shouts, groans)
Adora, are you okay? Do you know who I am?
Glimmer
scene switches back to Bow and crew
We made it This way to the vehicle bay.
Emily (whirs, clicks, beeps)
Wait Emily.
Entrapta! No!
(door clangs shut, explosion inside)
scene switches to Glimmer and Adora
(magic thrums)
Glimmer (shouts)
Glimmer, what's happening?
I don't know I can't teleport.
What?
(scraping noise)
Catra What are you doing?
Take it This is not because I like you.
Catra, I..
Just get out of here
For the honor of Grayskull!
scene switches to Bow and crew
There they are
(skiff hums)
Glimmer (laughing)
Glimmer
Wait, where's Entrapta?
Entrapta didn't make it
What do you mean?
She's gone
Well, then, we have to go back for her
No, she's.. She's really gone.
(magic thrums)
Adora (sobs)
How could I let this happen?
Adora, it’s not your fault
It IS my fault Entrapta’s gone because of my plan.
This only happened because we were all together
Mermista’s right, being together makes us vulnerable
Maybe there’s a reason the Princess Alliance fell apart before Maybe this whole thing was a bad idea.
Mermista, no, you can’t say that
Whatever I don’t want to be a part of it anymore. Sea Hawk, take me home.
Oh, Glimmer!
Are you hurt?
Mom, you’re crushing me
Mom, I’m fine, cut it out!
I will not cut it out I’ve been beside myself with worry.
You usually teleport out of my embraces What’s going on?
Nothing, I just need to recharge That’s all.
Of course, Guards, carry my daughter to the Moonstone Chamber at once
I don’t need to be carried, I can walk  You’re embarrassing me.
Fine Then you have time to tell me what happened. I received word of Entrapta’s loss.
Well, Glimmer? Bow? Adora? Someone tell me what happened
Commander, it’s my fault
The thing is..
Leave my friends alone! Give us a minute
A minute? You were being held by the Horde I’ve been going mad. Telling myself awful stories about what could’ve happened to you.
Jeeze, mom, relax I’m fine. We’ll talk later.
This conversation isn’t over!
I’m— I’m sorry
It’s happening more often
Does it hurt?
No, not much
We need to tell your mom She’ll know what to do.
No!
Glimmer, Shadow Weaver did something to your powers You can’t teleport and, whatever this is, keeps happening.
I don’t want my mom freaking out anymore than she already is Okay? Besides, I always feel better after I recharge, so...
Then it’s agreed I’ll recharge, stop glitching. Then my mom never has to know.
NEW SCENE
Not only did you lose the princess known as Glimmer, but I’ve learned that you’ve known Adora was SheRa all along
Now you see why I felt it was so important to bring her back
All you did was invite attack from an enemy combatant with detailed knowledge of our operations If I had known, I never would have agreed to your foolish plan.
Yeah, bad plan
Wasn’t it your—?  Oh!
NEW SCENE
I can feel you watching me
I am not
See, I told you Just needed to re—
It didn’t work
Work? It made it worse
Glimmer? Are you up there?
Uh, guys? We have a problem
We cannot let my mom see me like this!
There you are, Glimmer Are you feeling better?
Whoa, Mom, can’t a girl recharge in private? Anyway, we were just leaving Bye!
Is everything all right? Glimmer? Glimmer, do not walk away from me I just wanted to talk.
NEW SCENE
Boy, Hordak really let Shadow Weaver have it Did you see the look on her face?
Yes  Well, I mean, I think. It’s kinda hard to tell with the mask and all.
Serves her right If she wants to take credit for my plans, she can take the blame, too.
Oh! What is it?
Shh
Oh, sorry What is it?
Yeah Yeah, that’s— That’s concrete.
Hii
NEW SCENE
Maybe it’s like a cold I’ve never been sick before. Having an immortal mother has some advantages. What do you do when you have a cold?
Remain out of sight
What? Display of physical weakness are strongly discouraged in the Horde And they’re right. I haven’t been training enough, and look what happened!
Stop it, Adora They’re not right. Okay, cold. Um... Lots of liquids and, uh, rest.  I’ll make soup!
Great, and I’ll nap I bet when I wake up I’ll be as good as new. Yeah, just gotta let it run its course.
Why did I make my bed so high? Give me a boost?
We’re not letting anything run its course You’re getting worse.
No, I’m not
Okay, maybe a little
Look, you got sick because of whatever dark magic Shadow Weaver made with the black garnet Maybe the sword can heal you. SheRa healed the trees in Plumeria.
Uh.. Sort of, not really.
Well, SheRa definitely fixed the Sea Gate
Glimmer’s not a piece of machinery And you don’t know how to fully control SheRa’s powers yet. No offense.
This is a great idea SheRa will fix me, and then everything will be back to normal. Mm-hmm. How hard can it be?
Did no one hear what I just.?
For the honor of Grayskull!
NEW SCENE
Prisoner
That’s Entrapta
I know her name, I was just. Ugh, never mind. Lord Hordak himself tasked me with your interrogation. So, there’s no use resisting.
I don’t care what it takes I’m going to drag the Rebellion’s plans out of you.
Ooh! What’s that?
What? Hey!
Catra! Oh! Oh, oh, there you go
Fascinating
Give it back!
Oh, I like that thing Can I have it?
No And stop. I’m interrogating you.
Well, okay, then What do you want to know?
Why were you hiding out in the Fright Zone?
I was waiting for my friends to get back They had trouble finding me before. So, I figured I’d make it easier for them and just stay put right here.
They left you
No, no, they’re my friends, they’ll be back
Say, your tail secretes some kind of paralyzing agent, right? Do you think I could have a sample, to study?
Hey, you can’t just touch another woman’s tail without asking!
Some friends They left you, and they’re not coming back. Isn’t that just like Adora? She left me behind, too. Like I was nothing.
And me I mean, I didn’t want to go, but she could’ve at least asked.
Adora got her precious Bow and Glimmer back All these princesses care about is people who are just like them. But you’re not like them, are you?
Fright Zone log, hour 45 Is that right? I don’t know if that’s right, it was hard to tell in the walls. Hour 45, that’s— That’s too many hours. This angry feline person seems to be correct. They’re not coming back for me.
You wouldn’t have to pretend to be something you’re not with the Horde Think of what you could accomplish here. What we could accomplish, together.
I’ve made more progress on my work in secret here than I did in a whole nonsecret life out there They should see. Horde technology gives me SO MUCH to work with. Emily’s the most advanced bot I’ve ever built.
Wait, who’s Emily?
Oh! How rude, allow me to introduce you
I gotcha, I gotcha, I gotcha!
Those princesses have no idea who they’ve left behind
NEW SCENE
The. Eternia.. Heal!  Heal.. Glimmer.
Who’s ready to stop messing around with sharp objects? Hey, look, I am!
Maybe if you point it at me?
Or, unpopular opinion, don’t point a sword directly at our friend
It’s fine, I got this
Maybe it’s like a motion? Like a jabbing motion? Or a strike
Do you want to get hit with a sword?!
Can everyone please be quiet? I have it!
Am I the only one who cares about sword safety around here?
I think it’s working
Yup, definitely working I’m pretty sure I feel something.
Sword safety!
NEW SCENE
Honestly, I don’t think anybody’s gonna notice
Sorry again About the wall.
Don’t worry about it
You’re not mad? People usually get mad
Are you kidding? I’m impressed You rebuilt that robot, I mean, Emily, all on your own? While living in the vents?
Sure did Not only that, but she’s better than ever. Stronger, increased weapons capabilities, and affectionate, too.
Who knows how much more powerful she could be if I just had access to a little First Ones tech You don’t have any here, do you?
First what?
First Ones tech You know, advanced technology left behind by a lost civilization? Makes our modern innovations look like children’s toys? I’ve been attempting to integrate First Ones tech into my experiments for years, but my understanding of their code is still rudimentary. If I could just find the key to their language, there’s no telling what I could build. Such a find could yield almost unlimited power.
And where would one find this tech?
It’s buried all over the planet It gives off a signal that can be traced. Lately, I’ve been tracking the strongest signal I’ve ever seen. It must be a massive stash.
Where?
Ugh
Huh
I mean, uh, where?
I’ve triangulated the signal to somewhere in the Whispering Woods The whole shifting landscape thing makes for a complicated variable, but I’ve created a map that’s accurate within two quadrants.
How do I get my hands on this map?
Like any good scientist, I carry everything I need on my person
I’m not sure if we can trust her yet But if she’s telling the truth, this could give us a huge advantage over the Rebellion. Hordak will finally see how much more valuable I am than Shadow Weaver.
I bet he’ll promote you to. To.. What comes after Force Captain?
Keep an eye on Entrapta while I go see if this pans out
I hope it does, I wanna build something bbbiiigggg
Oh, sorry, my bad
Which hair part was in which thingy?
NEW SCENE
What good am I if I can’t even heal one princess?
Why even carry a sword?
Everybody, just act normal
Mom, we’re busy
I won’t be long You are requested for dinner with me tonight. Alone.
But Mom! I’m really tired Can’t I just stay in my room and rest?
I’m sorry, I don’t know why I said request It’s not a request. You are required to have dinner with me because I’m your mother and.. I’m also the queen, so I can make you.
Yikes She’s playing the queen card.
No need to answer I’ll see you in an hour.
That’s it I can’t stay here and be useless. Bow is right. I don’t know how to use my powers.
I didn’t say that Or not that exactly.
The Horde has a lot of things wrong Okay, pretty much everything. But one thing they are right about is training. And how can I train if I don’t know anything about SheRa? I’m going to go somewhere so I can learn. And then I’m gonna fix you, Glimmer.
How? Can you do it in an hour?
Probably not, since I’m not totally sure where I’m going I need to find the place Madame Razz took me. I it’s some sort of beacon. I can’t explain it, but I-I know I can get answers there.
Running away Great idea. Then I won’t have to go to dinner with my mom. I’ll get my things.
No, I have to do this on my own
Ow
She’s okay
I hope she stays that way
NEW SCENE
Going somewhere?
Like I’d tell you I’ve got a lead on something big, and I’m not about to let you take all the credit again. Not that it worked out so great for you last time.
Don’t worry about that thing with Hordak I’ve got loads of experience being yelled at. Mostly by you, actually. You get used to it.
I will not get used to mediocrity like you And I certainly don’t need your pity.
I was hard on you, I won’t deny it And I won’t apologize. I just wanted to prepare you for the world. I wanted you to be strong.
Yeah, well, congratulations I’m plenty strong now. And I don’t need you.
Back in Bright Moon, Bow sits with Glimmer in her room
Listen, Glimmer, I appreciate you trying, but you can’t protect me anymore We have to tell your mom.
We’re not telling anybody’s mom! And, what do you mean, protect you?
Isn’t it obvious? This is all my fault If I hadn’t gone to Princess Prom with Perfuma, then we wouldn’t have been separated, and then I wouldn’t have gotten kidnapped, and you wouldn’t be sick. See? All my fault!
That’s crazy This is obviously  fault! I let myself get distracted. I shouldn’t’ve been so weird about you hanging out with someone else. I’m sorry, Bow.
You can’t be sorry when I’m tryin’ to be sorry
Yeah, but your sorry is wrong, and mine is right Ya know what? Let’s just hug.
As they embrace, Glimmer glows with pink electricity, trembling again, gritting her teeth
(her voice strained) I’m glitching, aren’t I?
(teeth clenched) It hurts  . . so much.
They let go after the episode passes
How am I going to get through dinner without my mom noticing?
She brightens with inspiration
We start a fire in the castle, and my mom’ll have to cancel!
Bow crosses his arms and smiles at her with a wry look
Just a small one?
SheRa is walking through the darkened forest, looking for a sign of the structure Razz showed her
It was definitely this way I think.
Oh! That rock looks familiar
She approaches, frowns, and leans against it Groaning with frustration.
Because I passed it an hour ago
Drawing her sword, she marks the stone with an “X”
Glimmer has now joined Angella, alone in the dining hall The table is set beautifully for two.
I gave the staff the night off so it could be just us And I made your favorite.
There is a pause, as Glimmer looks at the food and smiles to her mother
Well, I didn’t make it But I had the kitchen make it before I gave them the night off.
Thanks
We’ve hardly had a chance to talk since you returned
Glimmer turns away from her mother, grimacing a little as she prevents a glitch
Well, you know, not much to talk about
Not much to  And . . .
I get it, Mom! I failed!
That’s not what I’m  . .
Suddenly, Glimmer glitches strongly and painfully, crying out as her body is enveloped in bursts of pink energy Her mother looks on in deep concern and rushes to hold her as she collapses and comes out of it.
Stop! Make it stop! Glimmer, what’s happening to you?! What aren’t you telling me?!
Glimmer pushes her away and stands up
Don’t yell at me! I know I messed everything up, okay?! I know, I’m a big disappointment!
What are you talking about?
(sobbing) Entrapta died trying to rescue me, and the Princess Alliance is over, and Shadow Weaver did something to my powers! I’m sorry I couldn’t be perfect like you! You have no idea what it’s like to be such a screwup!!
(with a sudden dark frown) I don’t know how you  killed!
There is a terrible pause, Angella’s fists clinched, Glimmer mirroring her wide stare of shock Angella relaxes a little, speaking more softly, with remorse.
I ordered the battle that your father perished in (Turning away) I’ve never forgiven myself.
I  I didn’t  that
(turning back to her) Yes, well  . . you never talk to me. Why didn’t you tell me you were sick?
Because I was ashamed I acted without thinking. The exact thing you’re always telling me not to do. I teleported right into their trap. The alliance is over. And I’m to blame.
Oh, Glimmer I’m the one who failed. If I hadn’t let the first alliance fall apart after your father’s death, none of this would be happening.
feel like a failure?
Don’t make the same mistake I did I should have kept fighting. You should, too.
But the other princesses They all quit. You don’t think the rebellion is done?
With my daughter leading it? Not A. Chance.
Even if my powers are gone?
(embracing her daughter) We’ll figure it out Together.
Glimmer smiles and sinks into her mother’s embrace
Deep within the forest, SheRa is determined, following her instincts in search of the beacon
Catra faces the edge of the Whispering Woods in the moonlight, sensing something She grunts resolutely and enters the woods. SheRa makes her way, one way, then another.
Catra studies her tracker pad, but the display is only static, useless
SheRa enters a clearing, with a familiar stone in the center, marked by an “X” In rage, she smashes it with her sword, and cries out to the night.
Nooooo! I’ve been walking in a straight line! I’m trying to help! Why are you stopping me?!
Catra, lost in the woods, trips over a root Standing again, she throws her useless tracker pad against a tree and growls.
I should’ve known better than to trust a princess!
There is strange whispering in the forest Glowing motes in the air. Catra shudders, disturbed.
SheRa continues to plead with whatever spirits surround her
Just let me fix this, please! I  I can’t let anyone else get hurt
Looking around, there is no answer She sighs, transforming back to Adora, throwing her sword to the ground.
Fine You win. You want me to be weak? Well. I am. And I’m afraid. Because, I  I’m no good at any of this.
She crumples to the ground in defeat Then, she becomes aware of the whispering voice, and she looks around. From between the trees, there is a light. Hope. She stands and walks toward it. Parting the leaves, the beacon tower is revealed before her, dark and powerful. She begins walking towards it, almost entranced.
Catra, still struggling through the forest, has become completely exasperated
Augh! I’ll never find this “magical tech!” If it even exists in the first place!
But, suddenly, she sees a light in the near distance, and the figure entering it
On second thought  . .
She leaps into a tree, climbs to a high branch in moments, where she can look down upon Adora, approaching the awesome structure A cruel smile crosses her lips.
Hey, Adora
The Whispering Woods are freezing over! What'll we do?
We have to get home! We have to make sure everyone at Bright Moon is okay"
Catra! You've gotta see this!
Tidal waves, Fire Storms, Earthquakes. maaaan, Etheria's really taking this hard. I mean Yay for us but also woe."
Entrapta;  The experiment has been more effective than I could ever have dreamed, this proves my hypothesis correct! With the Black Garnet functioning at two hundred percent power the precarious equilibrium that governs all of Etheria's natural functions has been thrown into complete chaos! No doubt as a result of the other elemental runestones ey!"
Translate
By making the black garnet more powerful, we've sapped power from the other princesses Runestones, upsetting the balance and making the weather go screwy It's all in my notes if you'd like to"
Woa woa woa woa wait! What was that you just said about making the other princesses less powerful?
Well the Elemental princesses that is, You don't have to worry about me and Scorpia I don't have a runestone and Scorpia doesn't appear to have any connection to the Black Garnet anymore if she ever did."
Huh? Somebody say my name?"
And how would we make an effect like that.. Permanent?"
Well, I'd have to run more Tests to know for Sure but"
Or yeah, that should work too
Get a strike team together, we're going to Bright Moon
Bright Moon? Why?
Because, we're going to take out Bright Moon's Runestone, and with the Whispering Woods frozen over.. there's nothing stopping us.
Look! [H
That's Bright Moon! It's the distress beacon
Hang on!
Mom!  What's going on?
The elements are out of harmony The Moonstone is using all its power to counteract the growing cloud of darkness.... but it's not enough. It's taking nearly all my strength just to keep my connection with it.
That cloud is coming from the Fright Zone
So what's our plan? We do have a plan. right? Guys?
The woods are frozen over There's nothing left to shield Bright Moon from the Horde. We have to prepare for an attack.
our scouts have reported citing the entire Horde Army in the woods, moving towards us at top speed
We protect Bright Moon at all costs If the moonstone is destroyed, there will be nothing left to stop the darkness,
Someone must've seen the distress beacon by now, why hasn't anyone come?
The Alliance is broken and other princesses have their own kingdoms to protect  No one's coming Bow.
Someone's come!
Is it the princesses?
] Spinnerella and Netossa ha ha, thanks for coming guys..
You still don't know what we do, do you?
Aaaah. no.
Seriously?! It's in the name, NET Tossa  NETS, I toss NETS! Okay?
Yes darling, you have beautiful nets
At least you have powers, which is more than I've got But it doesn't matter. I don't need magic to fight!
[ Glimmer, not only are you without your powers but your still glitching, it's too dangerous
But mom!
Your mom is right Glimmer, I don't want any of you risking yourselves SheRa can do this alone. This is what she's for.
Adora, not even SheRa can take on an army of Horde soldiers ALL on her own
[ Than what good is she?
Adora.. are you okay?
Catra will be leading the Horde when they attack I have to face her. I can't let her hurt anyone else.
What happened to you in that first one's temple?
I saw Catra in there I thought I could get through to her, but all I did was push her farther to the side of evil. Light Hope said that I'd endanger my friends by coming back and she was right. Everything that's happening now is my fault...
You've got this And we've got your back.
Now come on, the Horde will be here soon We have to be ready.
welcome to the Bright Moon armory! Well it's not really but I've been sneaking weapons and stashing them in here for months!
Dibs on arrows!
Aaaaah.. no.
Glimmer
Ah ma mom! How'd you know we'd be in here?
Did you really think I wouldn't notice you were hoarding weapons?
I'm sorry mom I can't just stand by while my friends and my home are in danger. I have to do this.
I know
Mom I.. wait, what?
I've been trying all these years to mold you into someone more like me.. but you're too stubborn and hotheaded, and brave.. like your father.  This was your father's staff, I think it's time you had it.
They're here  For the honor of Grayskull!
We got this Right?
Yeah..]. Definitely.
They're going to be sorry they ever tried to mess with Bright Moon
Defend the Castle
Adora!  SheRa need's our help
Go to her I'll keep The Moonstone lit in the darkness away from the battlefield as long as I can
You heard the Queen
Hey Adora
Catra  Surprised to see me?
Not really, I figured it wouldn't be that easy to get rid of you
You know, I'm actually glad you did make it out of there alive... because now..  I can take you out myself.
Well isn't that nice? You've accessorized! Not that it's going to help you!
Boom! Nets!
Tired already? I thought punching was supposed to be like the one thing you're good at
And I thought you were supposed to be quicker
Give it up Catra, there's no way you win this
I already made it a lot further than anyone thought I would
You on the other hand, you're not looking so good
This isn't over!
OF COURSE it's not over!
It won't be over until Bright Moon is destroyed and the rebellion falls It won't be OVER until darkness covers Etheria forever. And it won't be over until I see the looks on your friends' faces when they find out you failed. That you were too WEAK to save them!
Enough! You've lost Catra
You sure about that?
What? Did you really think this was about you?
That Runestone is your last defense... isn't it? HAHAHAHA! Have fun!
NO!
So where were we? Oh yeah, Was about to punch you!
Where's my shield? {She searches the water]
uuh ohh
Huu, Pretty!
Now, it's over
Come on!
Oh mom!
Princess!
Adora? Adora!
Come on,  Please tell me we can fix this
ah. I.. I am sorry,
it's okay,
ADVENTURE!
Don't do that
Sorry
Mermista! Sea Hawk! You Came!
Yea sorry it so long, the sea kiiiinda sucked today
Come on, GET UP!
I saw the distress beacon are you all okay?
No!
Frosta; I hope I'm not too late
No! You're right on time!
FOR ETHERIA!
Angella; Glimmer?
Glimmer; ] MOM!
Go on Go get them
YES!
Ha Ha, Glimmer! Your sparkling again!
Yeah! What I miss?
The Princesses are united! This is how it's supposed to be
What do you say? Ready to finish this?
Thought you'd never ask
We're in
Let's do this already
Sea Hawk; ADVENTURE!
Adora, it's over! Bright Moon is saved
And the princesses are finally united! We did it!
That is how it's done in the SEA, really good job
GOOD job Girls! ON to the next
Yeah! We did things ToGEther!
Isn't this wonderful! Ha ha!
Thank you
Force Captain, it seems your experiment has failed
ON THE CONTRARY! The experiment was a huge success, I know more about first one's tech than ever, this is Just the beginning
I got us closer to conquering Bright Moon than anyone ever has, not to mention the whispering woods is still in ruins Etheria is ours for the taking.
Very Well, force captain Catra... you will have other chances to prove your worth to me... As my second in command,
Are you sure we're going the right way? Like, 100 percent sure?
For the last time, I don't know We have to trust that the navigation system knows what it's doing. Now stop asking.
We've got to be close Any minute now. Beast Island is around here. Somewhere.
We will find it  We have to.
Do you think Glimmer will still be upset when we get back? We did sort of, kind of, completely disobey direct orders
She'll understand We all want what's best for Etheria. And once we get Entrapta back, Glimmer will know we made the right decision.
Right, but—I mean what if she doesn't? What if she never talks to me again?
Uh, Bow? The thing that's blinking, should it be blinking?
Uhh, I don't know, a ship?
Uh, guys, I'm sensing something out there Something big, and it's not good. And I think I hear—
Don't panic, no one panic
Uh, nope! Never mind, Panic!
Ehh
Look It's Beast Island.
As kids, we were warned of the dangers of Beast Island There were the Chibbits with razorsharp teeth, Scruffers with razor-sharp horns, Razorfins with—
Razorsharp fins?!
Razorsharp teeth, actually I don't know why it had that name
Adora!   Okay! That's normal
Entrapta She must have been on it.
Where do you think she went?
What is that noise?
What noise?
It's gone  You didn't hear it?
Uh, any scary Horde bedtime stories about noises only horses can hear?
Not that I can remember
I heard the same sound earlier, right before Mara's ship crashed
First Ones' tech This is all First Ones' tech. But it's corrupted, melted down. This must've been some kind of First Ones' dumping ground
We should get moving while we still have light Entrapta's here somewhere.
On this awful nightmare island,  which we went to on purpose, so everything's great Hey, let's take a fun stroll through nightmare island, just kidding, it's definitely not weird and scary.  I wanna go home.
Maybe everything went quiet.. for a good reason.
Nope, a bad reason
Okay, no one move Maybe it won't see us.
For the honor of Grayskull!
Uh.. Adora?
Run!
What happened? Why can't you be SheRa?
I don't know!
There it is again, that sound
Really, no one else hears that?
No! Come on, come on For the honor of Grayskull!
Adora!
Woah
Who is that guy? Thank you, you saved us Who—?
King Micah
Light Hope?  The queen of Bright Moon demands to speak to Light Hope Now.  On behalf of the Great Rebellion, I need you to answer my questions.  Eternia? Okay I know you can hear me.  So that's how it is. Fine. I'll just have to make you listen.
Unauthorized presence detected Security protocol activated.
You're not getting rid of me that easily
Your Majesty
Huh? You know who I am? Please don't kneel I'm no king here.
Of course we know Oh, uh I'm Adora, and this is Swift Wind and Bow.
King Micah, It's so great to—  —meet you
Huh Apologies. It's been... quite some time since I've talked to anyone else. Anyone real, that is. And you are real, Right?!
Very real Huh, yeah. Hi. Uh... Are you real? I mean, we kinda thought you were dead.
If the horde had their way, I would be They exiled me here, but I survived!
King Micah, we're from Bright Moon We know your daughter, Glimmer.
My sweet Glimmer? Huh?  There's no time for pleasantries! We have to move quick, follow me!
Woah
We should be able to rest here for a moment A safe, quiet mo—
Gotcha! Oh— I'm so sorry Where are my manners? Bug?
Uh, mmh No.
So, what brings you to Beast Island?
Uh, We came here looking for our friend, Princess Entrapta Any chance you've seen her? She's got purple hair and really like robots. Like, realy, really likes robots.
Yeah, I know her She stole my rations. Only the tiny ones for some reason.
That's great! I mean, not the food part, but the other part She's okay, or she was not long ago.
Did you see which way she went?
Why yes, sh— Is that horse talking?!
I can hear you I'm swift wind, and I—
It has wings!
Well, this is definitely Glimmer's dad
Your Majesty, could you let me go?
Huh? Oh, right  Sorry. Like I said, it's been a little while since I've talked to people, or horses. Because horses talk now, and that's normal.
You were saying something about Entrapta Do you know where she is?
Yes Your friend headed straight for the center of the island before I could stop her.
Sounds like Entrapta Could you point us in the direction—
You can't go there! You'd never come back It's where the signal is the strongest.
The signal That must be the noise I've been hearing. What is it?
You've heard it? Then we have to hurry This place is a mass of ancient tech, mostly degraded but some of it still works. And something at the center of that island never stopped signaling. The signal dulls your resolve, exposes your vulnerabilities, it pulls you in. Everything that stays on Beast Island becomes a part of it eventually.
Why can't Adora and I hear it?
Stay here long enough, and you will I've heard it every day, for months, years. I have no sense of time here. But I fight it! Nothing ill stop me from getting off this island and reuniting with my family. But enough about me. Tell me news of the Rebellion and Bright Moon. And my baby girl. You know her?
Glimmer? Sure She's... Well, she's—
She's our best friend We're the Best Friend Squad.
Sounds like my baby girl Hm. Always in a hurry to grow up and be friends with the older kids. What about Angella? Have you seen her?
Your Majesty, I—
What is that?
We should keep moving I'll help you find your friend, and then, can you help me escape this place?
Of course We'll all get out of here together.
Then why are we waiting? Follow me!
So you're telling me that horses are now allowed in the War Room, and they all get chairs?
Big, important chairs, yep! And also, unlimited sugar cubes
Eh, sounds good to me
I can't believe Glimmer's dad has been alive this whole time And he's so cool. A Little weird, but I guess that's to be expected after all this time alone.
Glimmer will be so happy to see her dad again She'll have to forgive us for going against her orders, escaping Bright Moon, and taking Mara's ship. Not that we technically did anything wrong, or need to be forgiven. I mean, Glimmer kept us in the dark. The truth is she hasn't been a good friend. But have we been? Can you even have a fight with a best friend and still be best friends? And don't get me started on Shadow Weaver.  Are you okay?
Yeah, it's just— Why can't I be SheRa here? What if something on this island infected the sword, or what if Glimmer is right an-an-and all I do is ruin everything? I.. I just feel useless.
Hey, you aren't useless We'll figure this out. You're still a hero, I'm still a tech master, Swift Wind's still—
Woohoo!  That's not food!
He's still a horse But now we've got Cool Sorcerer Dad helping us.
You're right
Are you gonna send more spiders for me to destroy, or are you gonna talk to me? The First Ones stole the magic of Etheria, the magic of my people Please, talk to me! That magic is how I stop this war. It's how I save everyone. That magic, the magic at the Heart of Etheria... I want to use it.
Temporary administrator access granted to Queen Glimmer of Bright Moon Queen Glimmer, proceed.
Advance
Fear not, tiny friends..  For Sea Hawk is here!
Well, perhaps we should fear a little  Let's go!
Hang on!
Huh?
Netossa, this is the last of them, sound thewait Where's Sea Hawk?
..Adventure?
Okay  sound the retreat.
I'll be back for you
I know it's been tough going since losing Salineas, but we're picking up the pieces I'm sure we can turn this around. I mean, we captured . They're...refusing to talk to us, but still. So, uh... Swift Wind!  You just got back from scouting the Southern Coast. What does it look like?
On fire
Anything more specific?
On  of fire
Okayyy.. Adora! You came from Plumeria; what's their status? Any good news?
Perfuma is securing the Whispering Woods and Frosta reports that her kingdom has not been breached..
Great
..yet.  But the Horde's working on it. Day and night. Nonstop.
Well..that is...oookayyy. Because Sea Hawk, Netossa, and Spinnerella just saved everyone in Sea Elf Village...with Glimmer. Who didn't tell us she was going, but just...kind of showed up.
Again? Glimmer, you can't just keep going off on your own
Hmm, where have I heard that before?  Oh,  When I stayed here to find the Horde spy and Salineas fell.
That's not fair We didn't know.
Tell that to Mermista
Hey, where is Mermista?
Oh, look More ice cream. Cause I'm the princess of ice cream now.
She's, um, taking some "me time"
"Me time"! Great.. We all could use some of that. So let's check in with each other more often, and Glimmer if you could
I'm not going to hide inside the castle while our people are in danger  don't give me orders.
O..kay, I get that you're upset, but
Don't talk to Bow like that
Adora, it's fine, Glimmer's just
I need to stop the Horde Any way I can. ...We're done for today.
Ugh, fine Clearly, we aren't going to get anything done right now.
All in all, not the worst meeting we've had
I've never seen Glimmer like this Or Adora. I just wish I knew how to help them.
Ah, don't blame yourself, lad  ...Hey, you know, I just had an idea, not preplanned at all. Let's take a break and have a boys' night out on the town!
Can I come, too?
I should really stay here in case Glimmer and Adora need me..
One night off won't hurt  What do you say?
Boys' night out, boys' night out, boys' night out, BOYS' NIGHT OUT!  ..Why am I the only one doing this?
You know what? Why not?
Grand!  And then my brilliant secret plan can begin..
What's that?
Nothingggg!  Forward to a friendship !
Lord Hordak Sounds like congratulations are in order.
Yes.. The princesses are in utter disarray...abandoning territory, scattering like cowards before us like the cowards they are.
We're  them Once you return to the Fright Zone, I'll march our troops on the rest of the coastal towns.
No Now that Horde Prime's arrival is imminent, I shall remain in the field to ensure victory. ...Besides. Out of all the princesses, Entrapta has yet to face me on the field...
And what exactly am I supposed to do while you  in the field?
Whatever I deem necessary to win Return to your post in the Fright Zone and await my orders.  ...Soon all of Etheria will be at my feet.
Force Captain Octavia, have you finished your perimeter?
Excellent Double Trouble should be breaking radio silence soon...they'll have new coordinates for you.  Force Captain Scorpia, come in.
Aw, man Even when he's winning, Hordak is annoying. Now he suddenly   Never thought I'd miss shutin Hordak.  Meet me at the Sea Gate,  I wanna take a break anyway.
Sea Hawk, I thought you said boys'  out, it's the middle of day
New experiences!  Huzzah!  Day, night, it matters not You're overdue for some levity.
Last time I was here it was with Adora and Glimmer, and..things were great... Not like now.
It is true Things are looking......
This drink is..extra ...
Could be the Rebellion's.....darkest......  Nonsense! You know why?  Hit it!
Oh, man Third rhyme. Rough stuff.
It's an ambush!
Whoo, better! It's a kidnapping!
Sea Hawk, what are you ?!
Don't worry It's all a part of my brilliant secret plan.
What plan?
To unite the princesses and cheer up my dearest Mermista They love rescuing people... so I paid my friend Bill to kidnap us!  The ladies will put aside their problems to rescue us, go on a mission of fun, and then it's a happy ending for all!
Wait You paid them to
This might not be Bill  ...No, this isn't Bill.
?!
What do we do?
We have to get a message to our friends Swift Wind, try to contact Adora through your sacred bond.
Yeah, yeah, yes this time Nothing's spun out of control... Do your thing, noble steed.
Come on, Adora, pick up  Pick up...
Mermista? Are you alone?
Totally..
I thought you said you were alone?
I am.. Deep down inside...so...alone...  Are you two gonna fight again?  Whatever...
I was just..checking up on Mermista, but, clearly,  have it covered.
Glimmer, what is going on with you? I know things are bad right now, but..we can fix it
is that always your answer to everything?!
Because it's the only thing we can
Things are  anything!
That's why we need to work together instead of you pushing us away, and if you'd just
Anything?
Ah! She hung up on me But I could tell that she's in distress... II should be at her side, right now!
Swift Wind, calm Down. It'll be okay. We'll figure something out.
Fear not I know how to get a message to my sweet Mermista. After all...she taught me how to speak  seagullllll!  ...I may be a bit rusty.
What's all this yammering about?
Admiral!  Admiral Scurvy, my old friend.. It's just like you to, uh, take over someone else's jovial prank... Isn't it fun being friends?  --!
Honestly, who does that?!
Come on, now, Scurvy..isn't this all just a bit extreme?
Admiral Scurvy! ..Sir! Whatever Sea Hawk has done in the past...can't you put that aside for the sake of your friendship?
Friendship? Whoo, boy..  Listen up, kid. Friendship  is overrated.  There's only one thing in this world that matters..., the three of you have some value to me yet.
This was all a terrible idea Why didn't anyone stop me?
Because you didn't tell us ?!
If I told you, you would have stopped me
..It's okay!    Remember?
This is no time for songs
Yeah, read the room, Bow
Look, as soon as they realize we're gone, Adora and Glimmer will stop fighting and come for us I know they will.
Hey, Scorpia Where are you? It's not like you to be late.  ...Listen, I'll  you if you tell anyone this, but... I thought winning would be...different. Or at least, more...  I don't know... Fun?
Come on You're not still mad about before... Are ya?  Stop being so sensitive. Get over it and  to me, Scorpia.
..Scorpia?  ...Scorpia?!
Good news, boys Someone cared enough about you three,  to pay a hefty ransom!
The princesses..of course! Just like I planned.
All that very loud, very  singing about the Rebellion, and you think your ransom was paid by the princesses?
The Horde controls the seas now And they're paying top dollar for highranking Rebel prisoners.
As promised
Scurvy..don't do this.You and I lived by a sacred code...the law of the sea. We are like  to you
It didn't
Your friends aren't coming, kid I don't think they've even noticed you're gone.  Oh, friends...
You think you can just transform into SheRa, and hit things with your sword, and it will !
Why are you blaming this all on me? It's not my fault that Salineas fell! The Horde manipulated of us!
SheRa was supposed to  showed up!
I'm trying my best Why can't you see that?
Well, maybe  isn't good enough If it was, my mother would still be here!
AdoraAdora I'm I'm sorry..
The boys are in trouble!  else  SeaRa is back in action!  Let's go!
So..what happened to the eye?
Oh,  this? Catra scratched it out when she was six And now...  I bet she's gonna do the exact same thing to all of you!
I don't care
Hey! I'm threatening you
I don't care!  You know what? It's not easy being the friendly and upbeat guy all the time And I get that it's hard being friends sometimes. You gotta work at it. ...So why am I  I'm gone. ...Do whatever you want. I don't care. It's terrible being friends with friends.
Oh, yeesh  Ready at the rendezvous point. You guys gotta get this kid off my ship, he's bringing me down. ...Scorpia? ...Scorpia, come in.
Force Captain Octavia, we got magic incoming!
What?!
For the Honor of Grayskull!
Look out!
Mermista! You're back in the game!
Never felt better  Rescuing people is my jam.
I knew it! Never doubted my brilliant plan for a moment
No shanties!  Hit it
I thought you said no shanties?
This isn't a shanty, it's like a rock remix, so..it's cool.
Scorpia?  ..Scorpia?
And that is the tale of how I united everyone with my  plan!
Whatever, you goober  Your plan was terrible.  But I'm done moping in a bathtub.  I'm ready to fight, to destroy the Horde and get my kingdom back!
That's my girl!
Also, Bright Moon ran out of ice cream
That's  my girl!
Sea Hawk
We should always fight to music It's awesome.]
Adora, you and Glimmer
I know what I have to do, Bow I'm going to look for Mara's weapon. The one she mentioned in the message. Maybe it can turn the tide of the war for us. ...It has to.
What are you talking about? Glimmer doesn't need a , she needs her friends
No, she doesn't  But it doesn't matter. I will fix this...no matter what Glimmer thinks of me.
Catra, come out I know you didn't mean to hit Lonnie.  It's okay, I'll tell them. They won’t be mad. But first you gotta come out and tell her you're sorry.
We were all just having fun You didn't  to do it... Why'd you do it?
..Are you guys following me?
I am here to attend to your needs, little sister It is Prime's command.
I can't go two steps without one of you breathing down my neck If I'm a prisoner, he might as well make it official.
You are our honored guest We are here to make your stay more comfortable.
..Right.
This part of the ship is offlimits to you, Catra
You don't like me.. Hordak.
It is wrong to have a name Prime's chosen servants are but parts of the whole.
Look, it's okay The name thing can be our secret. It's just...  It's good to see a familiar face.
This part of the ship is offlimits to you..little sister.
Yeah, yeah, got it
We're getting closer to the signal Entrapta triangulated We should reach Glimmer in the next NOPE!
What are you doing?! You can't take apart the ship while we're
I there's always improvements to be made,  I could really boost this baby's speed
NO!  We have to keep the ship intact until we can reach Glimmer
..Sorry.
No, no, no, no, no!
..I didn't do it.
How's the escape attempt going?
You again  Why do you keep coming back here?
Just..bored, I guess.
No, I mean, Horde Prime told you  to talk to me He's gonna catch you eventually. Why risk it?  ...You're lonely, aren't you?
What do you know? You're the prisoner here I can go where I want.  So, stay here by yourself for all I care.
Okay, okay, you're right It...helps having someone to talk to.  Even if you're the last person I'd ever want to be stuck here with.
Trust me, Sparkles, the feeling is mutual
So..what would you be doing if you were back on Etheria right now and not, you know, a prisoner on an alien ship?
I guess maybe.. Maybe I'd go teleporting all around Etheria, visiting all the other princesses in their kingdoms. If it were a really perfect day, Bow, Adora, and I would be having a sleepover.  We'd raid Bright Moon's kitchen for cake and then we'd eat it with our hands right off the platter.
..We used to have those.
What?
Sleepovers, me and Adora, when we were cadets in the Horde  We'd play tricks on Kyle, stay up all night whispering about-you know, whatever.
Did Adora still thrash around all night and, like, sleepfight? What was that about?
She  did that Adora can't even relax when she's asleep.
I miss them  I was so awful to them the last time we saw each other...  I'd do  to go back and make it right.  ...What about you? What would you be doing if we were back on Etheria?
I'd Uh, nothing  There's...nothing for me on Etheria.
It's okay! I'll fix Darla
Darla?
I named the ship Darla It just felt...
Uh, okay, you can fix.....but we have to be careful
Great!
Entrapta!
I promise not to move, or touch, or break anything
Okay..I'll be right back.
Uhoh Um,  Bow? There's, uh, a thing...
Ha, ha! I got this!
Now, where are you two going in such a hurry?
Contacting Planet 1659 ground base Please prepare to receive our brother into your flock.
There you are, little sister I seek your company.
Sister, thank you for joining us I have been scouring, searching for SheRa, but what I seek is not yet to be found.
My drones reported a ship leaving the planet,  a ship of such ancient design that it is not detectable by my instruments How can this be?
I don't know
Hmm
I  Me and Adora, we're not friends.  II don't know anything about her plans.
And yet you seek to protect her  ...You have been speaking with our guest, Queen Glimmer, against my command.  Have you not, sister? ...You have pity for her. You will speak to her and learn what you can. She must have some knowledge of this...mysterious ship.
That won't work She doesn't trust me. She's  not gonna give me anything.  ...Believe me, if I could tell you where Adora is, I would. She's my enemy. I want her gone.
Oh, look at you, poor sister Your...Adora causes you nothing but suffering. Don't you want to be free of it?  There is another way. Let me show you.  Step...forward.
You spoke with our little sister this morning, did you not, brother? What was it she said to you?
She..gave me a name. Forgive me brother. Please...take this affliction from me.
Those who seek freedom shall be granted it
I am sorry that you must suffer
Behold the purest among you  One to be honored.
Do.. what I ask... of you.
Yes!
..Give us some privacy?
Of course, sister Prime sees all.
What's with the babysitter?
Here  It's the dumb food you wanted.  You know, from your perfect day or whatever.
I remember, I just.. Thanks.
Don't go thinking I actually care about you, I'm supposed to talk to you, so.. Eat the stupid cake  and then answer my questions.
What's going on?
Don't say anything  Just look at me. An old First Ones ship left Etheria's atmosphere a few days ago. Prime cannot track it. What do you know about it?
Adora's on that ship, isn't she?
You can't tell him! You know what he'll do to her if he catches her!
Adora's on her way here  She's coming for . I don't have to do anything, I just have to let it happen.
And you think Prime will reward you? As soon as you're no longer useful to him, he'll get rid of you in a second!
I always find a way out!
So you'll just..run away? Tto-to what?! If Prime captures Adora, he can use the Heart of Etheria to wipe out the , Catra. Do one good thing in your life!
Don't talk to me like you know me! You don't know  about me!  Hey!  Let me out!
Adora, have you seen EntraptAAA What are you doing?!
I have everything under control
That's not what I asked   not to touch anything. It's bad enough that Entrapta has disappeared somewhere.
Oh, yeah She was just in here. She said she was looking for... uh... a blowtorch! And, uh, a really long piece of rope.
Why didn't you stop her?!
I kinda had my hands full here
Adora, we are  far out of our depth right now We're about to fly into the heart of an evil alien empire  and all we've got between us and certain death is this fallingapart old ship. But now the ship's broken, and we haven't got Glimmer, and who knows  where Entrapta... is.
Hi!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING OUT THERE?!
I made spacesuits for us and then I fixed the ship from space..where I am!
Oh, so that's what the rope was for
Is this a good laugh or a bad laugh? Well, the longer it goes on the more I think it's a bad laugh..
Entrapta, get inside Adora, put down the tape.  We're just going to get back on mission, and nothing...is going...to derail us...again!
I got it!
It is as our sister said  We have done a sweep of all quadrants in our vicinity, and we have located the Etherian ship. It is almost here.
You have done , little sister Soon, SheRa will be mine. And with her, Etheria. All because of you.  ...You made the right choice. You will be exalted, raised up above the other wretched creatures of your home world. ...Is that not what you wanted?
..Yes, Lord Prime.
Go now in peace
Catra? It's dinnertime, and you're missing it
It's the gray kind tonight  I know it's your favorite.
What are you doing?
Well, if you're missing dinner, then I am, too
Just go! Eat with your new best friend Lonnie!
Is that why you hit her?
I know you like her better than me!  ..You're s'posed to be  friend.
I am your friend, Catra I'm  gonna be your friend.
You should say sorry to Lonnie..and then we can all be friends.
No!
Come , Catra!
I'll never say sorry to anybody, ever!
I'm always gonna be your friend
It's nothing personal.. Hordak.
I'm coming in!
What are you doing?
I wanna do that one good thing in my life Like you said. So...come with me!
Where are we going? What's the plan? ..How do I know I can trust you?
You don't
Little sister, why is our guest out of her quarters?
She wanted to get some fresh air Didn't you
Hit them in the back of the neck, that should take them down
Not bad, Sparkles  Let's go!
What are you doing?
What does it look like? I'm getting you out of here  Good. That should hold them.
Wait, are youare you saving me?
Not you Adora. Even if I sent her a message to stay away, she'd still come for you. That's just how she is
What about you?
Me? All I do is hurt people There's no one left in the entire universe who cares about me.
Is it working now?
Are you there, Darla?
I missed you
Patch it through
Catra?
Don't sound so happy to hear me I'm sending Glimmer to you.  I don't know your exact location, but I can get her to your quadrant. You  to be there to catch her.
Wait, wait, what? What's going on? Glimmer isis with you?
We don't have time  You need to get to these coordinates  come here, no matter what.  Horde Prime is ready for you.
Catra, I don't understand, what is
Adora..I'm sorry!  For everything!
Catra!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! Catra! Come back!
Entrapta, do  it takes to get us to those coordinates
We're arriving at the coordinates
Copy that We're ready.
There!
Glimmer!
Glimmer!
Bow? Adora?
What happened back there?
I think.. I think Catra saved me. I think she saved us all.
The Etherian ship has changed course..  but your treachery will not save them.  There is no darkness that my light cannot pierce, no distance that my hand cannot reach!  They will not be able to hide from me forever!  ...You were beloved in my sight...and this is how you repay me.
What did you expect? After all, us Etherians are  get your hands on Adora
Oh, my child..you're wrong. Everyone has a place in my empire.   will be of use to me yet.
Please keep your bot out of my flower beds
Oh! Oh, sorry about that
Emily! Emily, come here!
No! Not in the skull plant things!
So uh, they let you have your own garden here? Aren't you a prisoner? Am I prisoner? Everyone's been so nice How come we're not, you know, in a prison? Is this garden a prison?
Oh! Heh, heh! Right, right, sorry!
II'm not even here! Just a garden away.
Emily! What did I just say? I said, stay out of the skull plants!
Bad bot!Bad! I said, drop it!
Scorpia!
Your majesty, you're back Did you find what you were looking for?
Yes Light Hope told me everything I need to know, and I have a plan.
A plan? Excellent, we should discuss
Scorpia, I need your help
Me?
You're the only person who can save Etheria We need you to reconnect to the Black Garnet.
What? Your majesty, I don't understand We should reconvene with the other princesses and
The other princesses are gone But it's fine!
Gone?
I said it's fine I have a plan
Gone where?
Okay, would anyone else like to interrupt me?
I'm sorry your majesty, but Double Trouble has escaped
Entrapta rides Adora, Bow, Swift Wind, and Micah in her bot on Beast Island]
Wow, I can't believe we're all here on Beast Island at the same time What an incredible coincidence.
Uh.. It's not a coincidence. We came to find you.
Beast Island Log, tide cycle 37 I have confirmed that the outside world still exists. I founded princesses! Well, one princess, some sort of horse birdhybrid, Bow, and...
I don't know you
Yes you do You stole my food.
Oh yeah! It was delicious!
Wasn't there another one of you?
Yes Glimmer. You know her. And she's... not here.
Can we talk about how I'm not a bird?
Entrapta, we havebeen looking all over on this island for you Are you ok?
Of course I'm ok! Have you seen this place? An Island, full of technological monstrosities, each more deadly than the next? Its paradise!
Yeah, um, glad you're having fun, but we're kind of here to rescue you?
Rescue me? Did I not just rescue you?
Yeah. that didn'tgo as planned.
We came to bring you backWe would've come sooner, but we had no idea you were here. We though you were still with Hordak.
Scorpia told us what happened She and the other princesses are waiting for you at Bright Moon.
Entrapta, please We need your help. We discovered what the First Ones and what they were doing to Etheria, a terrible secret that no one else knows.
You mean The Heart of Etheria? Why didn't you just say so?
Sorry We didn't know you were in here. We'll just come back later.
Wait
What's the report from the field?
We just got back from conquering another rebel town! The third one this week So, you're welcome.
Watch it!
Calm down Catra! It's not like Scorpia needs it anymore
You don't get to talk to me like that I'm your commander. Got it?
What is wrong with you? We're winning! Even you should be happy
Happy?
I'll be happy, when the Rebellion and SheRa are gone for good! But that's never going to happen, with the three of you, goofing off all the time
You are pathetic!
Stay away from her!
We used to be your friends Why are you treating us like this?
Get out!
Ouch! It's worse than I thought You're a mess.
Double Trouble? YYou came back? I mean, where were you? I thought um-
You thought I left you?
Apologies for the delay, Kitten I got held up in Bright Moon. But don't worry, I brought something that might cheer you up.
Better be something good after all that
The time to strike the final blow to the Rebellion is upon us The princesses aren't getting along, and most deliciously, SheRa is gone.
So.
Bright Moon is unprotected
Told you it would cheer you up
We must find Double Trouble at once They know too much! We can't let them return to the Fright Zone!
Forget Double Trouble They don't matter anymore. The only person we need is right here.
Scorpia is not a true princess She has never shown any connection to her Runestone.
But she will, as soon as we get her to the Black Garnet
Get her to the Black Garnet? Your majesty, you're not thinking this through You cannot go to the Fright Zone now! You are without allies, without your prisoner, and without a plan!
I have a plan!
My queen, listen to me Think. Have I not only tried to help you?
You are letting your emotions get the better of you This plan is too risky. What would your mother say if she were here?
You don't get to talk to me about my mother Besides. You, were the one who told me to decide what kind of queen I am. And I've decided. I'm the queen who's going to save Etheria.
My queen
What is the meaning of this?
Oh sorry, I though you wanted to defeat the Rebellion Because this is what that looks like.
We are already spread thin from occupying so much territory
We're occupying plenty But not Bright Moon. Not yet. Double Trouble reported in. The princesses are in chaos, SheRa is gone, and without their precious hero to protect the castle, well..
we can strike the final blow to the Rebellion When Bright Moon falls we will control all of Ehteria.
Big brothers going to be so impressed
Yes This will show him what I am capable of. What we are capable of. Good work, Catra.
Victory is ours
I don't like it here The signal, it's getting louder again. I think we should go.
The talking horse is right We should stay away. No one ever comes back from this part of the island.
Don't worry about the signal, it's better inside
Inside where?
Wha
Somewhere..
Aha! Ta da!
Come on! You're going to love it
Wow, this place is terrible I hate it.
It's a First Ones Temple
Isn't it amazing? The First Ones tried to their secrets by dumping them on Beast Island! The answers I've been looking for, they're all here!
My theories were correct I knew the First Ones had retrofitted the planet with tech, I just didn't know why. But it all makes sense now! They were mining the planet's magic, using it to power their weapon, The Heart of Ehteria!
But of course you know all about The Heart of Etheria already, seeing as you're apart of it
Wait, wait Hang on. What?
All the princesses are Hang on, I'll show you.
The Heart draws its power from the magic of the princesses It needs all their Runestones engaged to work. And SheRa is the most important piece, the key! She channels the weapon's power and focuses it.
SheRa is the only being strong enough to withstand the destructive energy of The Heart
So the First Ones made the sword to control her, to use her
When The Heart is deployed, SheRa will raise her sword and fire it!
SheRa is the key. That means I can stop it, right? If She-Ra fires the weapon, then I just won't do it.
Please, Entrapta, tell me I can stop it!
Once the planet is balanced, no one can stop it Not even the First Ones could control it. That's why they left. When the weapon is activated it will channel all its power into you. You don't get to refuse.
But Etheria isn't balanced yet Look! There's still one Runestone offline. We might still have a chance. Wait.
The Black Garnet Scorpia.
Scorpia's with the Rebellion You don't think Glimmer would?
There's no way she would know Scorpia's the final piece Right?
We have to get back to Bright Moon
Scorpia! We need to go to the Black Garnet chamber now My plan is going to work!
What's wrong? I thought you would want to be a princess?
Ok I have been considering, I really appreciate the offer, but, I only came here to help Entratpa. I left the Horde, but I'm not gonna betray them. Or Catra.
This will save them Horde Prime could be here at any moment. If he shows up and we're not ready to defend ourselves, everyone loses. Do you really think he'll need to keep Catra around?
We both want to save the people we love But I can't do it without you.
It's hopeless. What if the Black Garnet doesn't want me? I just.. kind of get rejected a lot.
Tell me about it My best friends left me. Even before this, I was the weak princess, the one who had to recharge. Who didn't fit. But that's changed now. We've changed now. We're stronger than anyone knows. We can do this. We can save everyone.
Everyone?
You're not hopeless You were born for this. And I'll help you. We're in this together. You're going to make a great princess.
Sorry, that was probably too much Oh wow still going.
I'm in So what now?
Now, we go to save the world
What's going on, is Glimmer in danger?
She might be We have to get back as soon as we can.
We're going home now? That's great! Wait, should I bring something back for Glimmer? What does she like? Does she like bugs?
Oh, Micah No one likes bug.
Have a good trip Come again soon!
Entrapta, no You're coming with us.
This place. It's pure information. Everything I've ever dreamed of knowing about the planet, it's all here. So I'm staying.
No We're not going to leave you.
Oh, this is not good
Everything back there with the princesses and then.. with Hordak.. was so.. confusing. I just wasn't suited for friendship. I belong here.
Entrapta, please! Fight it!
For the honor of Grayskull!
Head for the ship!
This way!
Just leave me!
Entrapta, no! The island is affecting you You can't give in!
You don't understand, that's ok. no one understands me.. I tried to be a good friend. But I didn't understand that either.
What? Did you think friendship was easy? It takes work to be there for other people! It takes everything you've got
Everyone leaves me behind. why should it be any different now?
Because we're not ever going to leave you behind again! And we never gave up on you, even when you were with the Horde! Because that's what friends do
You haven't. given up on me?
We're out of time!
Entrapta, we flew here on an ancient First Ones ship Do you want to see it or not?
A ship? You have a First Ones spacecraft? A First Ones spacecraft that works??
I WANNA SEE!
Uh, hate to interrupt, but theres more monsters coming. Like a lot more!
Did anything I said about friendship work for you? Or was it all the ship?
Oh definitely the ship But, thank you. I'mI'm glad we're friends.
Guys, we really have to go!
To the ship!
Get em' girl! I'll be back for you, I promise!
No. You got me!
Ugh I know, I know. No one's welcome in Hordak's supersecret sanctum
Not since you let that princess in..
What makes something a sanctum, anyways?
No small talk? I thought I'd at least get a pat on the back for my daring escape
It's too bad though.
I was looking forward to meeting this Entrapta character before I left Bright Moon But of course, as you know , she wasn't there.
What did you say?
Oh, no need keep up the charade with me I figured out the truth. You had Catra send Entrapta to Beast Island, so SheRa would run off to rescue her.
A brilliant idea! The perfect distraction I have to applaud your work, you really had me going.
So scorned by Entrapta's betrayal... Even now you look like you had no idea!
Brava I mean, I did consider the alternative... That Catra's been lying to you this whole time.
That she made you think she was your partner in crime, while really she is the one who betrayed you .
But between you and me, there's no way she's that good of an actor
Well, I'll leave you to it! Congrats again Great work all around.
Hellooo! It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen! How does it work?? What does this button do? I'm going to push it and find out!
Mm Take us home to Bright Moon.
Huh? This is actually real?
Um. Yes. Remember we did the pinching thing already?
Well, still, I couldn't let myself believe.. Is it all true?
We're really going home? And this horse really talks?
Too easy. As usual.
Are you ready?
Not really
Bright Moon I'm really home.
Glimmer! Glimmer, where are you?
She's gone
Micah? Is it really you?
What is this traitor doing here?
Where's Glimmer?
Hordak? You wanted to talk with me?
Come on, I don't have time for this Our troops are moving out for Bright Moon as we speak. If there's something you need, you can
Hello, Force Captain
It took a while but I think I finally figured out your character (Takes Catra’s Form) You try so hard to play the “Big Bad Villain” but your heart has never been it has it?
Huh what stop!
People have hurt you (Takes Shadow Weaver’s Form) they didn’t believe in you (Takes Hordak’s Form) didn’t trust you (Takes Adora’s Form) didn’t need you, left you (Catra falls down and Double Trouble reverts to their true form) but did you ever stop to think their not the problem (Takes Scorpia’s Form) it’s you; you drive them away Wild Cat
? That explains these readings They are stronger than anything I've seen.
They took her they took Glimmer
SheRa's gone, the sword is broken
So what do we do?
We're going to get Glimmer back and then we're going to save the universe
TBA
TBA
Me cake! There is a me cake!
This is the best party ever!
(Gasp) Beast Island?! With the blood beetles and the trees with with razor sharp blades instead of leaves, it's real?!
Oh my yes, but it's much worse than that, we told you those children stories so you wouldn't be scared
It's Worse?! Oh, what have I Done?!
These flowers really bring out the color of your eyes
Bow, could you stop playing that thing?
Hey I'm still learning
Well, I like it
Hey!
Prime holds every advantage in this fight He'll be ready for us. But we have a plan. Entrapta?
I finally succeeded in cracking Prime's signal pattern If I can get access to his Spire network, I can broadcast a jamming frequency that will disable all of the chips on Etheria, freeing everyone at once!
Oh
You weren't trying to sneak out without us, were you?
Any sign of Catra?
She's not coming back Are you sure you guys should come? We don't know what to expect from the Heart of Etheria. It It could be dangerous for you.
WarningPlanetary Facilitator Light Hope protocol offline. Manual administrator access not reccomended at this time.
We are friends of Mara Now show us where the Heart of Etheria is.
Ow! What is wrong with you?!
I told you I'm not going back
Not like I want her
Hey, botfaces, come and get us!
Plenty for both of us
Hey, Adora
Catra! You can't be here It's too dangerous. Shadow Weaver?
Catra, no!
I'll catch up, ok? Get to the Heart
No, no Catra!
Dad no!
Scorpia, please! We're trying to save you
Dad, please! It's me, it's Glimmer!
Oh, I know who you are My daughter. The weakling. The failure. And so it ends. Pathetic. Alone. Weak.
No I'm not.
My mother raised me to be brave My friends taught me to be kind. And I'm stubborn. I get that from you. I will never stop fighting! And I won't lose another parent!
Scorpia, it's okay
Prime may have made you do a lot of things,but he can't turn you into something you're not So, right now, all I need you to do is trust me.
Did I hurt you? I did not mean to do that
My device worked! I knew it would
Deploy all clone battalions Get this under control!
It's time to take back our world It's time to fight. For SheRa, for our homes, for each other!
Destroy them all!
Oh, little sister What a shame. I had such high hopes for you.
No No, wait!
Don't lose your focus We're so close.
So brave, risking yourself for Adora But it will make no difference. The Heart is almost mine, and when it is, your Adora will die.
So, tell me,little sister, was it worth it?
Shadow Weaver?
What are you..?
Shadow Weaver, no! What are you doing?
Stop it! It's going to kill you!
It's too late for me But you, this is only the beginning for you. I am so proud of you, Catra.
No! No!
Catra?
Come on We have to go.
Yeah!
Impossible
You can't control us You don't understand what makes us strong. And that's why you'll never win.
What is it? What's wrong?
It's Prime's virus It's keeping me from becoming SheRa.
What does that mean? Is the Failsafe not going to work without her?
Get as far away from here as you can I have to do this next part on my own.
It's okay I'm ready.
No
Catra..
No I'm not leaving. Whatever happens, I am staying with you.
Adora?
Ah I can feel it. The Heart is mine!
You can't do this! The Heart's power is too unstable! It will take you and the whole universe with it!
Did you not hear me, little brother? Do it now
You have been thoroughly corrupted So be it.
No!
Glimmer!
Bow!
The world shall end in fire
Adora!
The Failsafe It didn't work.
And when the ashes scatter, at last, there will be, peace!
Adora Adora, stay awake!
I'm sorry
Just let me brush it!
No!
Don't let her touch me She's gonna torture me.
Do you always have to be this dramatic?
Fine! You're off the hook This time.
You coming?
Not for you
Please! You have to wake up!
You can't give up You have never given up on anything in your life. Not even on me.
It's too late I've failed.
No! No!
I've got you I'm not letting go.
Stay
You..love me?
I love you too
There will be no comfort for you! All the universe will be consumed in undying flame!
Though all is reduced to rubble, Prime shall rise again So it has been, and so it always shall be.
I'm so glad you're back! Oh, we have so much to talk about!
Glimmer?
Hi, Dad
I.. You... Hello. I'm your dad!
Dad
Ooh, there it is!
You know I'm a hugger
I'm so glad you're here! Oh..
So are we all just, like, okay with this?
Look at us now From capturing you to us now being buddies.
We did it!
This is so dope!
Ah You would be so proud, Mara dearie.
It's over He's gone.
Good riddance
So, what are we going to do now?
I'm in!
Obviously!
Of course I'm going with you, dummy
Then lets do this Together.
Broom! Where are you? Broom?!  ..Ah! There you are. What are you just sitting around for? Today is an important day.  We have to get ready for our guest!
Perfect
Oh, Adora! You're just in time
Razz, I told you before, my name isn't Adora  It's Mara.
Yes, yes, of course you're Mara Who else would you be?  Now, come on, silly! We don't have much time.  Today is a very important day!
Why is  important, Razz?
Eh, because.. Because, eh... it's important...  Because today-we are making a pie! Don't you remember?  You promised!
That sounds great, Razz  But I can't stay long today.
Ah, nonsense, dearie.. Now, will you help Madame Razz find her rolling pin? It must be around here somewhere...
It's a rolling
Madame Razz?
..Mara?
Oh, Razz! It's you!  I finally found you
Mm, if you say so, Mara Now, come on, it's getting so late!
I'm not Mara..!  Ugh, it doesn't matter. Razz, you have to help me. Everything's falling apart. The Rebellion is losing worse than ever, and Glimmer-I need to find another way to help the Rebellion. I know we can still win this. There was something Mara said in her message--she talked about...some kind of weapon.  ...You  know something. If there's some kind of First Ones weapon out there, you need to tell me! We could use it to defeat the Horde, and free Etheria, and then Glimmer would finally see that she was wrong about-- ...What was that for?
Agh! You need to stop being so forgetful, Mara  We're making pie today with Swift Wind.
Once again, I am Adora, and Swift Wind isn't even
Hello!
Swift Wind, what are you even doing here?
Oh, I visit Razz all the time You gotta check up on old ladies alone in the woods. Come on, Adora, have a heart.
Okay, maybe you can help I need Razz to tell me about Mara's weapon.
Mara's weapon? Like..the sword?  SheRa's sword?  Oo, did I solve it?!  Did I solve the mystery?!
No! The weapon Mara talked about in her last message on the ship Bow's with the ship trying to clean it up, but... it's still too glitchy to make out.  Razz...
Those!
You knew Mara Did she ever tell you What are you looking for?!
Sugar for the pie! I must have some around here somewhere Never mind...  I know where we can get more! Come, dearie, not a moment to waste, let's go!
Apparently we're making pie
Oh, yes..--
Wait!
Why are we following a wacky old lady through the woods, again?
Because she knows something about the weapon! Razz is leading us somewhere important Somewhere where I can get answers.  I'm sure of it.
Adora, as your noble steed, I'd be remiss if I didn't point out that Razz is kind of
Ha! Have to get up earlier than that to trick  LooKee!
Well, you know, she's, uhshe's   Do you really think she knows anything?
Madame Razz always shows up exactly when I need her most She helped save  a method to this... I just have to figure it out.
Is losing her part of the method?
..Razz?  ...Razz?
Razz!
Adora, come! There's not much time You need to keep up
where are you?
Who are you?  How did you find this place?
Ah, Mara, dearie, there you are  Madame Razz wondered where you went.
H? How do you know my name?
Oh, is this the first time?  It's been so long since the first time  Never mind!  Razz is only here to borrow some sugar.
Wha Hey!  This location is highly classified, you can't just--
How can you find anything  here, Adora? This place is a mess!
Give it!
..Magic. You know how to use magic.  Hhey! Stop that!
Wowww...
No, don't!
Mine..it's...mine, I
Intruder detected
Razzle Dazzle!
Mara, who is this person?
I don't know She just...wandered in.
Do you see the ghost, too?
Her presence is unauthorized You must remove her from the premises or I will be forced to alert your superiors.
Your ghost is
What are you looking for?
Sugar!  How can Madame Razz make a pie without sugar?  Agh.. Don't ask such silly questions, Adora.
..Adora?
I need to get up Why do I put it so high?
Razz, is it?  All right, here you go Sugar.
Ah! Thank you, dearie
You cannot let her take things and leave She could've been exposed to classified data about the Heart of Etheria Project.  We need to detain and interrogate her.
You really think  don't know all the details?  Come on, Hope, look at her She's clearly harmless. Besides, we're here to study this planet's magic, aren't we? Who'd know more about Etheria's magic than the Etherians?
You know I have to report this It is in my programming.
Can't you let it slide?  Please, Hope? For me?
..Unauthorized...presence...not...detected. Any reports to the contrary... are incorrect.
Thanks, Hope  Couldn't ask for a better friend.
..Friend...
Okay, Razz Promise you'll stay away from the ship from now on.
Sure thing, Adora  See you tomorrow!
No, you can't come back tomorrow! And why do you keep calling me Adora? Who's Adora?  Razz
Wait!  There you are
Oh, it's a First Ones ruin  I told you Razz was taking me somewhere.
These marks were made with a sword.  ...Mara's sword.  She was here...  did this.
Wow Mara did this? She really  crazy.
Aha!  You found it!
Found what? What does it mean?
Sugar! Now we just need the berries!
Razz! This was left deliberately..did it belong to Mara?
Oh, yes, dearie! She left it for you She wants to talk to you.
..What?
Come on, slowpoke! Help an old lady pick some berries
Razz, Mara's gone She's been gone for a thousand years.
Hmm? No, that doesn't sound right She's helping me make a pie today.  She promised, you know!
No,  helping you make a pie!
Yes, that's what I said
Razz, why is  the day we have to make pie?
Because today is
But  is it important?
Eh..it's important because, eh...because...
Oh!  Because I have to duck!
Watch out! For the Honor..of Grayskull!
Razz, run!
Mara, no!
Stop!
It's all right.. No one here will hurt you.
Go now Be at peace.  ...Razz?  II'm sorry, I-I thought it was gonna hurt you, I--
That's all right, dearie Come here.
Whawhat are you do--
How am I doing this?  How is this possible without the sword?
SheRa is not a sword! She-Ra is
But..my people chose me to be SheRa. I need the sword to control She-Ra's magic. That's...what my superiors always told me.
SheRa was here long before your people arrived  You cannot control magic! Magic simply
I love Etheria I love how old, and weird, and beautiful it is. I'm sworn to protect it as SheRa, just as I'm sworn to serve my people, but... I know we're doing  to the planet.  The Heart of Etheria Project... I don't know all the details, but I know it's big. They say we're the heroes, but... I don't know if it's right.
SheRa protects Etheria Your people made the sword, but they did not make She-Ra.
What people?
Are you talking about the First Ones?
The sword.. Mara...  She said she would come back.  She promised... We were going to make the pie.  I've been waiting for so long.
Mara.. ...She was here, too, wasn't she? Everything we're doingthe berries, the sugar, making the pie--it helps you remember.
Oh, Mara  ..You were never supposed to .  They made a plan for you...  Razz could not do anything to help. ...I am sorry.
Then help  Adora, not Mara
..Adora?  Yes, Mara wanted me to warn Adora!  There is a great evil at the Heart of Etheria, Adora, and it is waking up again. You need to talk to Mara!  It's getting late. We have to hurry. We have to put the pie in!
What?!
Not much time, not much time..
Okay..Razz... What was it you were just saying about the evil at the Heart of Etheria?
Eh? Doesn't ring a bell
What's at the Heart of Etheria?  Light Hope said Mara snapped, but there's gotta be more to it than that! There was a reason why she broke everything, why she put us in Despondos  She was...afraid...of something.  Was...was she afraid of the sword somehow? Of being SheRa?
Oh, no time, there's no time
, Razz, you have to remember something!
Remember, remember.. I try to remember but it gets all muddled up. Adora...Mara, Iit always ends the same. The present, the future--
Razz?
The past  Mara, dearie, you're just in time! The pie is almost
I can't stay long, Razz
Nonsense, we're making pie today, or have you forgotten? Ahah-ah! And they say  memory is bad!
Razz, listen I figured out what my people are doing with the Heart of Etheria..what they've done to the planet. It's going to activate soon, there's no time. I have to get to my ship... It's starting.
But..the pie...
Tomorrow, Razz We'll make a pie tomorrow, I promise.
I can't stop it ...But I can keep them from hurting anyone else.
Mara!
It's time
..Razz?  Razz!
What?!
Come on, Swifty!
Where are we going?
The pie's done
not Mara!
Ow! [rubbing his head[
Madame Razz!
Adora, help me find Mara!  You know where she !
Adora! Who's that lady?
t's okay, it's just Razz
Madame Razz?
Adora!  You  to talk to Mara! You have everything you need
I have everything I
..What are you doing?
Wait, I know this  SheRa.
What are you doing, Mara?  You have dede-destroyed my intraplanetary systems  You are beha-be-behaving erratically. Where is the sword, Mara?
The sword is gone There's not going to  a SheRa anymore.
It is your destiny to be SheRa
SheRa's  let you use her again
The Heart of Etheria has been activated Your mission will be fulfilled. There will be peace throughout the galaxy. You will be...a hero.
How will destroying worlds bring peace?
You're trying to didisable me It will not work. The Heart of Etheria will achieve its function, as will you. are She-Ra.  This is your destiny.
You're  Light Hope
I am the same basic operating system
You're not  And you don't get to tell me what my destiny is.  Activating portal into the dimension of Despondos in three... two... one...
..Adora?
I know you're there Razz said you would be there.
Mara?
I don't have much time, I barely made it out If you are seeing this, it means you are the new SheRa. It means I failed.  I don't know what they told you, but it wasn't all bad at first. We were the first ones to settle Etheria, to really study this planet's magic.  How could it go so wrong? You can't trust Light Hope. She's been reprogrammed to set off the weapon at  cost. The weapon...
The weapon! What is it?
I didn't know what they were doing until too late I knew they were rerouting Etheria's magic for their own purposes...siphoning it, collecting it in the planet's core...
The Heart of Etheria..
The Heart of Etheria Project It was supposed to be an energy source, capable of so much good...but that's not what they made. My people turned our planet, all of Etheria, into a weapon. And  is the key.
..What?
I opened a portal to a completely empty dimension and pulled Etheria in I hid us from the rest of the universe, to keep everyone safe. This is the one place they'll never find us. The weapon can't hurt anyone else here. I saw what they would do...the deaths that would follow...I couldn't stop them before, but I can now. Hiding is our only option.  Adora...this isn't over. The Heart of Etheria is  siphoning magic, storing it. It's unstable, it will tear Etheria apart if it goes off again.  So it's up to you now. I couldn't stop it. In the end, I wasn't strong enough. But youAdora, you will be more powerful than they ever planned.  Adora...I believe in you. You can save the world we love.
..The weapon... The weapon is Etheria.  And Mara... sacrificed herself to save everyone.
She was brave, my Mara  For you, Mara, dearie.
For Etheria!
Two down
And a whole Galactic Horde to go
I'll get the next one, I guess
It's okay, you can come out now
Run!
My turn
Come on, let's go before they  --Adora!
For the honor of  Ooooh..
Adora!
I'm okay! I'm okayow!
Adora, chill  You're not...SheRa anymore, remember?
I'm on iiit!
Ugh, I just said..
Gotcha!
Well.. Who  you?
..What is this?
What..?
Adora Did you get any sleep?
..Have you guys finished the updates to Mara's ship yet? How soon can we take off to rescue Glimmer?
It's a little more complicated since
SPACE!  Sorry, I'm just so excited!  In order to achieve maximum velocity for liftoff, the necessary repairs and upgrades to the shields, the engines, and the life support should take us approximately.. Oh. ...A very long time.
We don't have time Glimmer's up there, somewhere, waiting for us.  ...We just have to figure out where.
We'll find her I know we will.
This isn't just a little update Space has a  more dangers and variables... crushing pressure, freezing temperatures, vaporization... All it takes is one little hull breach, and then WHOOSH!  That's it!
Besides, there's no telling !
..But don't worry, I'm sure we'll determine her precise location...  soon...
[Adora sits back against a table and pinches her nose, as the sound of Mermista groaning and Frosta's voice coming from a different tent is heard
The sorcerer's spells will only keep us hidden for so long Then what?  way.  Your daughter understood well enough
You don't get to talk to me about my daughter
She would've never had us abandon Bright Moon..
We couldn't hold Bright Moon with the Galactic Horde attacking us from overhead, we need cover!
Which is precisely why we should  the Heart of Etheria!
Come !
I can't, I just can't
Okay, so we're not doing that because, A) without Glimmer, and more importantly, without SheRa  the Heart of Etheria won't work And, B) when it did "work", it nearly destroyed everyone. So,  no, thanks.
Oh, and also, C) we don't like you, and we don't want your help
Also, D) ..are you still our prisoner?  Ccould we get a rundown of who  our prisoner anymore?
Arguing is not going to help us We need information on Horde Prime if we're going to find Glimmer, and we won't get any of that sitting around here.
Adora's right The best thing we can do now is focus on evacuations, scouting missions, and keeping everyone safe until we can learn more of Horde Prime's plans.  Our scouts report that another one of his spires has been spotted near Thaymor.
Wait, wait, wait, didn't we just save Thaymor?
No, you're thinking of Elberon
Ugh, can everywhere stop getting invaded for, like, five seconds?
I'll do it I'll bring them back here.
Alone? Adora, you really ought to bring backup, you're not..  YouKnow-Who anymore.
..Fine. I'll take a team.
I still believe in you, Adora You saved me...and I know...you're gonna save my little girl.
..I promise I'll find Glimmer, Your Majesty. Wherever she is...  we'll get her back.
Come on.. Please work.  Hey! Is anyone there?  ...Someone, answer me!  Hello?
No bots in sight I don't want to jinx it or anything, but this is a pretty great first mission together.
I am  happy you said that, 'cause I feel the same way We're kind of a great team, between your hooves...
And your pincers..
And our positive attitude, nothing can get in our way!
Oh, uh, just so you know..  I have been known to sing from time to time.
What? I  singing Catra always said it was annoying.  Man, you guys are the best!
That's the last of them No bots, no drones. We're all clear.
Wait!  Here you go
Uhoh, beeps and that look are never a good combination
We've got trouble
Is that Hordak? Three Hordaks?
That's  Hordak
Clones
We need to get out of here
I've got a better idea
Wait! Adora!
Excuse me, Lord..Prime.  You...wanted to see me?  ...Huh.
Catra  That is your name, is it not? ...I have been reviewing the memories of my defective brother. It seems he had very little love towards you at the end.  Hmm. The question is...  what do we do with you now?
Remember that big planetsized Etheria weapon? Well,
You would pledge your loyalty to me, Catra?  What do you say?
..I'm ready.
Wait!
NO!
You're awake!  Oh, hello Adora!
What happened?  Where are those clones?  Did we get 'em?
Okay, um, don't get mad, but I..may have had to sting you. Just a little.
What?
Wellyou were refusing to retreat and we--we really,  needed to run away
Space! Clones!
You stung me?
I'm sorry..  so sorry.  But I don't regret it, and will do it again if needed.  Mm, sorry, again.
Adora You can't run into battle like that. Not anymore.  You have to stop acting like you're invincible. You aren't
You don't need to say it  I know. I made that choice, I'm living with the consequences.
What were you even trying to do?
I thought maybe I could get those clones to tell us where Glimmer is being held Then, , I'd be one step closer to saving her.
That'snot a bad idea
Wait, what?
Trying to fight a group of clones by yourself is reckless Catching and questioning one clone is... also reckless, but...this time we do it together.
Hey  Ready to go again?
You can't hold me here  ..Oh, great. You.
Pretty fancy accommodations, huh?  Well..for a prisoner, that is.  How's it going, princess?
Don't pretend you're any better off than I am right now  You might be on the other side of this force field, but you're as alone as  am.
The Horde's the Horde..even in space.  As long as I'm of value to Horde Prime, I've got a place in this world. I can work my way up here, just like I did before.
Is that really what you want?  We both what happened to Hordak  Do you really think you can come out on top?
Horde Prime requests your presence as his guests for dinner this evening ...Both of you.
Horde Prime took my friend Glimmer, and I want her back  Where is she?
Fear not Your   of the known universe, regent of the seven skies
I said  ?
She is with Prime on his flagship, safe at the heart of his empire, far from your paltry world She is chosen, basking in the light of Prime's favor...he, who brings the day, and the night
Okay, we get it
Glory be to Horde Prime,  revered one of the shining galaxies, promised one of a thousand suns!
Ugh, did Hordak talk this much?
Nah, he mainly growled and yelled,  "GET..OUT!"  ...a lot.
..Your queen is safe...unlike your rebel friends.
What do you mean?
Horde Prime sees all Horde Prime knows all. You can abandon Bright Moon, cloak your rebel camp in illusions, but we will find you.
It's from Micahthey're in trouble!
This..is...! Alien tech from a distant world!
Micah!
..You're welcome.
This way!  'Scuse me, pardon me Hi, hello, how are you...Watch out there!
Come on!
Adora, wait!
I can do this!
Uh..thanks...
Are you comfortable, Your Majesty?  I strive to treat my guests well  I believe we can learn a great deal from one another.
Ah, enjoyable, yes? It's a delicacy from a distant world, light years away from here  It is very much like Etheria. This dish is  rare, as that world no longer exists.
Seconds?
..No. Thank you.
Speaking of Etheria, you must miss it terribly Would you like to see your home world now?
No..
Why are you doing this?
Every rebellion forms around a leader..a beacon of hope...that little note of discord.
Ah, here she is..  beacon of hope. Adora.  SheRa. A nuisance that must be purged in order to bring peace to Etheria.
No!
Stop! Don't hurt her!  ..Yyou wanna use the weapon, right? Y-you need all the princesses, a-and that includes She-Ra!  Without her, the Heart of Etheria is  hurt her.
..Very well.  This has been most illuminating.   you, Glimmer. I look forward to more of our conversations. But for now, eat up.
Adora! Are you okay?
No.. You were right, Bow, II can't fight them all. I'm not strong enough, I'm  She-Ra. I'm not a hero anymore, I'm just...  me. And I can't do this alone.
But, Adora..you aren't alone.  You've never been.
We've got this  Together.
..Together.
Scorpia, coming at ya!
Bow! The drone!
Got it!
Frosta! Ice catapult
We can't stay here, it isn't safe anymore
We're kinda running out of places to hide
I think..I know where we can go.
And we better hurry, come on!
Neat trick, with all the footage of her friends in danger  These princesses are predictable with their feelings.
As were you
..What?
Elevated heart rate, dilated pupils.. Adora  something to you.
No She doesn't.  She chose her side, I chose mine. ...She means to me.
You Etherians are all alike Such strong connections to one another.  It's what makes you weak.
..What are you going to do with me?
Now that I know about SheRa and the weapon, what purpose do I have for you? Your little ploy of parsing out information like a bartering chip was never going to last long out here.. I see all. I
Adora, where are we going?
It's around here somewhere.. A place where we'll be safe. Madame Razz brought me there and I saw it again in my dreams. ...I just have to hope it lets us in.
There!
Whoa..
..Where  we?
The deepest part of the Whispering Woods.. Horde Prime won't find us here; we're safe. Now we just need to set up camp and
Adora!
Adora!
Thanks for coming with me, guys
Of course
And the queen is really okay with us taking off? I would've thought a mission to the Crimson Waste would've been too risky for her
Oh she hates this idea, which is why I didn't tell her where we were going Besides, it's not like anyone else has a plan to stop Hordak from opening a portal. You're right. Tracking Mara's message to the source is the best lead we have.
Plus, for an inhospitable desert, this place is kind of beautiful  Awe, there's even a cute little bird!
Nevermind, this place is terrifying!
Okay, I know it's scary and dangerous, but if there is something to do with portals out here, we have to find it for the Rebellion And... for me.
Which way now, Bow?
Uh..  So, uh, slight problem. Uh, my tracker pad, it's dead.
So, we're without a map and the plants are evil. Heh. But it's okay, we're coming from the north.
And, uh, I'm something of an expert tracker, thanks to the Horde's survival skills training  We just have to keep going...  that way. Problem solved! I've got this under control.
Day 135, this could finally be it Initiating first test. Here we go.  Aha!
Something's wrong I'm turning it off.
No, you fool!  It'll blow!
This doesn't make sense It should work. The machine didn't have enough power, so we added First Ones Tech.  Then it was blowing out the power grid, so we rerouted it. Now it's powered, it's functioning, but it won't activate a portal. It's like there's a key. Maybe when Catra brings that tech back from the Crimson Waste
Catra is never coming back from that fool's errand The machine is a failure. We're done here. Get out.
That was just our first test If we try
I said, we're done!
Okay, to review, the plants are evil, tech doesn't work, and sometimes, a sand dune is a pile of very angry, sandcolored snakes So,  I think we're getting the hang of this.
Why can't I just teleport us to the center of the Waste?
Because you don't know where it is and would run out of power before we made it
Oh, thank you for reminding me that my powers are limited  You think I don't know?
Glimmer!
I'm fine  Where's Adora?
And quicksand  That is now on our list of things to avoid. Wow, I'm learning so much today.
Adora, you know we support you all the way, but maybe we're not prepared for this
We just need a little rest I'll figure out how to build a shelter
Or we could go there?
Okay, problem solved We'll get out of the heat, and maybe there's a map or water inside.
Adora, I doubt there's anything useful here The Crimson Waste's been abandoned for hundreds of
Just act tough Try to blend in.
Ha
Good afternoon, fellow patrons Except, I don't even care if you do have a good afternoon, because I'm bad.
Bow!
Hi Is this the center of the Crimson?  Excuse me? Hello? We--  Okay, that didn't work.
Adora, I'm not so sure these are the kind of people we should be asking for help
Hello Sorry to interrupt, uh, but we're not from around here,   and we're hoping someone would give us directions?
You're outsiders
Uh, yeah, I guess we are
We don't like outsiders here And since the Crimson Waste didn't take care of you... we will.
We didn't mean to disturb you
There's only two rules in the Crimson Waste One, the strong make the rules. And two,  don't annoy me while I eat. I made rule one. They broke rule two.  Are you all staring at something?
Kids, what are you doing, asking these lowlifes for help? Don't you know you can't trust anyone in the Crimson Waste?
Actually, up until two minutes ago, we didn't know there was anyone in the Crimson Waste
Scoundrels, criminals, outlaws, all of them Be careful, kids. Next time, I might not be around to save you.
Oh, wow We need her.
What?
Excuse me? Hi, can we join you? Great
I'm Adora This is Bow and Glimmer. And we came to
Blondie, Boy, Glitter, got it Huntara. Now what do you want?
It's Glimmer Princess Glimmer.
Oh, a Princess Me too. I'm the Princess of the Crimson Waste. Can you tell? Or am I not sparkly enough for you?
We're looking for something in the center of the Crimson Waste It's important we find it. You seem like you know this place well. Can you take us?
Did you not hear what I just said about trusting people?
Well, yeah, but you said that while saving us So, you can't be all bad. What do you say?
Excuse us for one moment
You sure about this, Adora? All the scary people are scared of Huntara, which is not usually a great sign
We can just ask for a map or
A map won't get us past the scary plants or quicksand or whatever else is out there We need a guide.
If I say no, you'll go out there and get yourselves killed, is that it?
I mean, not ideally, but yeah
Well, looks like you've got yourselves a guide
Great!  See, guys, problem solved
I know Hordak told me to go away, but I have some ideas for the portal machine
Emily, will you cut that?  Curious
Okay, Emily, you might have a point
Quietly, quietly
Uhh. hi.
Get out  Get out right!
So, heh, for a place that's supposed to be uninhabitable, the Crimson Waste sure is habited
The Crimson Waste takes in all sorts They come running from the law, from their enemies, from different kingdoms.
From the Horde?
The war will destory all those idiots caught up in it
What are you running from?
Huntara doesn't run from anything You got that?  I want to be here.
Wait
Huh Not bad, Blondie.
What can I say? I'm a fast learner
Cocky Heh, I like that. Give it some time, you'll do well here.
No, thanks This has been a really terrible, snakefilled day. Honestly, I don't know what we would've done without you.
We should say something
No, we are supporting her Now, sh!
You shush Shh.
Shh!
No you Quiet.
What? You!
Your travel companions are loud
Hah, well, it's been a long trip from Bright Moon
Bright Moon?
Listen, I know my tracker pad isn't working, but I'm sure we're going the wrong way, definitely a different way than we'd been going
We wouldn't be going anywhere without Huntara This is probably just a shortcut.
We're here
Uh. we're where?
This can't be the center of the Crimson Waste There's nothing here. There has to be something here. I was so sure! The message said  What?
Adora!
For the honor of
Paralyzing darts But you probably figured that out, being a fast learner and all.
Outsiders are a risk to all of us I did tell you not to trust anyone, Blondie.
Tada! I made you soup Soup always makes me feel better.
Okay, I know one big soup is probably better, but theyre so cute!
I am not discussing this
Your armor, it's holding you together.
It is none of your concern
You're from another planet That thing in the vitrine looks like you. And you've got tech compensating for your body. As a scientist, I'm not going to stop until I figure out what's going on. Now, tell me everything!
You want to know what I am; I am a clone! A clone of the emperor of the known universe, Horde Prime Horde Prime cloned himself, building an army to conquer all he saw. Planets, worlds, galaxies fell before us. I was his top general, but there was a defect in my cloning, and defects are worthless to Prime. I was sent to die on the front lines, but during battle, a portal opened and sent me crashing to Etheria, stranding me here. With nothing but a broken ship, I built an empire. When my portal opens, I shall bring forth my brother's armies to crush The Rebellion, and Horde Prime will see that he was wrong. I am not a defect. I am worth something!
But the portal machine does not work I haven't conquered the planet. I could not even clone a new body for myself. Perhaps Perhaps Prime was right.. I am a failure.
Oh, no, no, no I'm listening, I heard you. I've got an idea, but I need my tools. Be right back.
Alright, ninth time's the charm Everyone, hold on. One, two...
Bow, are you okay?
Luckily, everyone landing on my ribs distracts from the other bruises
I'll get it this time Hold on.
Ugh, I'm sick of this! We've been tricked, robbed, temporarily paralyzed Now we're stuck here in the middle of
Glimmer!
I mean, I'm so glad we finally got out of there
Adora?
Having this mission made me feel in control After the last few days, I really needed it. I needed answers. I thought if I found out more about Mara, I'd find out more about myself, where I came from and why.
And we'll still get those answers We're not beat yet. Sure, this road trip has been kind of a disaster.
Pretty standard for us, honestly
But we know you're going through a lot, and we've got your back, whatever you need to do
Besides, it's not like you stole our weapons and left us stranded
It's Huntara
Exactly It's Huntara's fault.
No, it's Huntara
Rejoice, Etheria, for Prime has come to you  Do not fear, for you have been given the opportunity to share in a world soon to be remade in my image.  But first, you must prove yourselves worthy. Your leader, your...SheRa, she would see you suffer in darkness for her sake.  Cast aside this false hero and deliver her to me.  Prime sees all. Prime knows all. They will not escape my judgement.
Wow..this is amazing!
Mm, and..bad. Very bad.
Hey, sleepyhead, you hungry?  What happened? Are you okay?
I gotta go..save Glimmer.  My body is betraying me.
No, you’re exhausted That happens to regular people when they keep throwing themselves into battle and refusing to sleep.
I hate it
Come on, you just need to rest
Now, close your eyes and
IS SHE DEAD?
What? No!
Ok, good, ‘cause Adora normally does the planning and we were wondering if there was a plan
Listen, the upgrades to Mara’s ship are done, but we can’t go anywhere until Adora’s back on her feet  Now, close your eyes and everyone will
Did someone say Swift Wind?
Is Adora feeling better? Did you tell her Horde Prime’s message?  Does she know he’s looking for her?
Whazzat?
Okay, that’s enough Adora, rest! Swift Wind, head!  Everybody, shh!
She will be fine soon, right?
Yes She just needs sleep.
Adora sick log, day three!
Nope!
Wait! But it’s for science!
Look, we have to do something We don’t know when Adora is gonna get better and even when she does we have no plan on how to get Glimmer back!  We know she’s on Horde Prime’s ship, but we don’t know where that is, in like, space.
Well, then it’s up to us to make a plan to find Glimmer! With these!
We don’t need dolls We just need THESE!
What.. are you gonna do with those?
Punch..Horde Prime.
Perhaps..if we meditate we can access our princess connection to Glimmer out in space!
Hello Oh, hi. Were you guys talking about space?
Yes We were talking about how to get Glimmer back from spa
I’d do anything to go to space!  An entire universe of information at our fingertips, full of countless stars and civilizations…
This isn’t like a fun field trip for you to run more of your messedup experiments Our friend’s out there. Remember?
Glimmer?  The sparkly one?
You’ve met her multiple times!
Oh, right!
Wow…hey, Entrapta! Look over there! Is that a robot?
A robot? Where?
Look, I know she can be all, ‘Whoa, science!’  But I promise, Entrapta has a good heart
She’s betrayed us before For all we know, as soon as she sees Horde Prime’s ship up close, she’ll ditch us to join his army!
She did use her inventions to..attack us a lot.
I’m just saying, none of us know how to track a spaceship, but Entrapta might If you just give her a chance.
Aah!
Fine
Okay, Geek Princess, are you gonna help us or not?
If you help us find Glimmer, you can go to space
GREAT!
Hello? Who’s there?  Hey! I know you’re watching me!
You should not be here
I I wasn’t-
Prime has decreed that none shall speak to the queen  You have disobeyed.
Why does it matter? Prime has more important things to worry about It’s not like I
You unworthy wretch! It is not for you to decide what matters to Prime  You are a parasite, nothing more than the dirt beneath his
Little sister, why do you rebel against my commands?
Lord Prime?
Prime sees all, little sister  Do not disturb the queen. Now, run along.
What?
You again
Wa wait!
The message from Horde Prime was transmitted through that spire  Which means it’s got a wavelength, connecting it to his main base of operation, one that we can track.
Great!  So track it
Well, hypothetically we can track it Horde Prime’s astral network is incredibly complex and I’ve only been able to intercept parts.  I need to gain as much proximity as possible to the receptor before I can triangulate their origin.
Mm, mm… Hm.
I need to get close to the spire  to track the signal
Ohhhh!
Got it, got it
If we follow that signal, we’ll find a ship of impossibly sophisticated design,  the center of a super technologically advanced empire
I think we’re mostly hoping to find our kidnapped friend
That spire is crawling with surveillance bots  We need to find a way to sneak past them so we can get Geek Princess close enough to track the signal.
So, what’s the plan?
Uh… that’s the whole plan We sneak past the drones.  I don’t know, Adora usually handles the beingin-charge stuff.
So we sneak past the bots , and then if any of them see us we
PUNCH THE BOTS!
Sure, sounds like enough of a plan for me And someone needs to keep and eye on  Wha-? Did she seriously just immediately run off?
Your Majesty Thank you for joining me. I thought you might enjoy a diversion.  Do you like them?  Tokens from many worlds. Worlds that I brought into my eternal light.
Worlds you destroyed
I take no joy in destruction,  but the weeds must be burned away so that new life may flourish  This is my favourite. A treasure from the first world I conquered. It was highly prized by it’s people.  And now, it is all that is left of them.
You know I am searching for SheRa You seem reluctant to help me. But I only wish to use your weapon to bring peace to the darkest corners of the universe.
Peace? If you activate the Heart of Etheria, there will be no one left
Yes No war, no pain. Old worlds swept aside, a new beginning for the universe.  I know you understand. All I want to do is what you’ve already done.
No No, that wasn’t
What? How--? How?
Do you recognize him?
Dad?
Let me be clear, Your Majesty  Your world belongs to me. But I am still merciful. Would you be reunited with your father in my good graces? Would you deliver me SheRa?
I I wanted to use the Heart of Etheria I thought I could save the world, but all I did was bring you here!  I will never help you. And you will never win.
Those who cling to the darkness have made their choice
Well, no signal here We need to get closer.
I hate the desert
All clear, let’s go
Wait I think I’m getting something.
Entrapta, we really need to get out of the open
Hang on, I’ve almost got it  I need to get up higher. So close, almost got it.  Nope. False alarm. We need to get closer.
Aah!
What do we do?
I should run?  Don’t run? Do run?  What?
Entrapta
Oh, hello You’re...very technologically advanced.  Bad robot!
What do we do?
I don’t know This plan was obviously doomed from the start. I’m not Adora. Why did I think I could be the leader?
Well, still nothing This transmission pattern is fascinating. We should get closer.
We can’t  Thanks to you, this place is about to be swarming with bots. We have to retreat.  I should’ve known better than to trust you. You don’t care about Glimmer or any of us, you only care about tech!
Are you all..mad at me?
You’re seriously just realizing that? Yeah, we’re mad!
You don’t consider how your actions affect other people! Even people who are supposed to be your friends
Like us The ones getting beat up by your dumb bots.  And whose kingdoms you almost destroyed.
I’m not good at people But I am good at tech. I thought maybe if I could use tech to help you, you’d like me.  But I messed that up, too.
Entrapta, no!  I said we have to leave! Can you listen for once in your life?
I’m sorry I’m bad at listening! I’m sorry I mess everything up! But you need this signal, and I’m gonna get it for you
You’re still trying to get the signal?
Entrapta  Of course Glimmer needs us.
Okay, Geek Princess Get that signal. We’ll cover you.  Frosta, Scorpia, on Entrapta! Pefuma, witn me, now!
Oh..What’s inside you?  Focus, Entrapta. Glimmer needs you.
Perfuma, cut off that spire!  Nice job
Thanks I wish there was water here for you, though.
But there is If there’s one thing I know in the Fright Zone, it’s the sewer system.
Oh, wow, that smell
That was so gross!
Almost Got it! Ok, good news and bad news.  The good news, I’ve successfully triangulated Horde Prime’s flagship.
Hooray!
Bad news, I intercepted the last message he sent He’s sending reinforcement ships to Etheria. They’ll be here any minute.
I take back my hooray
Who are you? Are you SheRa?  She-Ra’s gonne The sword is broken. So, what do I do now?  I’m not sorry I did it. I just didn’t know how much I’d miss her. Not just her strength, but I-- I guess I liked knowing that I had a destiny. It wasn’t my destiny to be She-Ra, was it? It was random.  Light Hope brought me through the portal because she needed to use the weapon. That’s the only reason I’m here.  I don’t know what my destiny is anymore. But I know my friends need my help. I guess I’ll just figure it out from there.  Thanks for everything.
Adora!
Bow, wow, you were right I just needed some sleep. I feel great!
Good Because I’m on a call with Mermista and she’s saying
Get to the ship!
We found her! We found Glimmer!
But also, we found out that Horde Prime is sending more ships to Etheria today If you don’t leave now, you can’t leave, period. So, uh...RUN!
We’re exposed here We need to make these goodbyes quick.
We’ll be back as soon as we can  The Rebellion is in good hands.
Yeah, turns out I’m an awesome leader, so we’re gonna be fine  And Entrapta helped. You’re still a weirdo, but you did good today. We’ve got your back anytime.
Adora, I I’m not going to-- Oh! I don’t know how to say this
You’re staying here
I don’t belong on a ship I belong on Etheria, protecting it. And with you gone, someone’s gotta bring the glorious flowing hair.  I hope you’re not disappointed in me.
Are you kidding? I’m proud You’re exactly where you need to be. I’m not SheRa anymore.
But I’ll always be your loyal steed
Surveillance bots If they see the ship, they’ll alert the armada and stop us.
What’re we gonna do? Are we gonna stay here?
No We’re getting this ship off Etheria, no matter what. I’ve got an idea.
You want SheRa? Come and get her!
What do you think, Micah? Have we wasted enough of their time?
Mermista and Perfuma drowning bots with water, Scorpia and Frosta punching bots until all is left is a pile of smoking robot parts A ship engine roars as all look up to see Mara’s ship taking off]
Whoo! Yes!
Yes! Go Adora, go go go! Go save my best friend!
I reinstate my hooray!
You okay? I know you wanted to go
But if I hadn’t stayed they wouldn’t be able to take off at all They saved me.  I trust my daughter’s friends. They saved me. Now, they’ll save her.  See you soon, baby girl.
What, come to mock me some more? You heard Hore Prime I’m supposed to be alone. So leave me alone.
Wait I’m sorry. Can? Can you stay? Just for a little.
Okay
Woah..
Impressive casting, Micah But you allow yourself to become distracted.
Oooooooh
You can't expect me to outcast Light Spinner; the greatest sorceress to ever walk the halls of Mystacor
I have no time for your flattery If you're going to interrupt my lessons, you might at least apply yourself. I want focus as you cast your illusions.
Light Spinner, wait
What is it this time, Micah?
MI'm bored I've been doing light illusions since before I can even remember.
Teach me something real I wanna levitate, and travel through mirrors, and shapeshift! You know, the cool stuff.
The Guild forbids third years from learning such things You know that, Micah.
The Guild of Sorcerers prides itself on being outof-touch geezers We wouldn't want anyone to learn actual magic or anything fun.
That's a poor likeness of Master Norwyn
Then teach me shapeshifting!
Patience, Micah You must start at the beginning.
Why do you bother? You're never getting out of this cell
Lord Hordak?
[She gasps at the sight of him, quickly kneeling Hordak keeps his back turned, folding his hands behind it.
Why is Shadow Weaver still in the Fright Zone?
She'sShe's my prisoner
A dangerous one I want her banished to Beast Island at once.
What?
Lord Hordak, Shadow Weaver is still useful to us if we can get her to talk She knows more about Etheria than anyone else.
And also about the Fright Zone Have you considered the consequences if that information were to fall into the wrong hands?
That won't happen Without the Black Garnet, she's completely powerless. I can handle her.
Oh, hi Catra! What are you doing here?
doing here?
I've been integrating the First Ones' tech we got from the Northern Reach into Hordak's preexisting portal mainframe, but it maybe slightly, completely overloaded the Fright Zone energy grid So we're gonna have to redesign that.
What Entrapta is doing does not concern you, Force Captain
Oh, were you two having a meeting? Sorry, again I guess I should be going.
No, you stay  you have two days to extract whatever information you can from your prisoner. Then you will banish her to Beast island.
But
Do you understand? Or do i have to make myself understood?
No, Lord Hordak I understand.
Good Dismissed.
We should be able to initiate our first test of the portal machine as soon as I rebuild the electrical grid
You actually moved it How?
There's magic everywhere The Princesses channel elemental magic through their Runestones.
But sorcerers can learn to channel lesser power through spells and incantation after many years of serious study and discipline
Oh
The Guild brings those who have a talent for magic to study here in Mystacor But I only train the truly gifted.  You're one of the most talented students I've ever seen. But you lack dedication.
I'll prove it to you that I'm worthy Here, I'll show you.
Not yet First, you must promise to do exactly as I say.
[Micah is shown grinding the crystals to a blue powder, Light Spinner holding some in her hand and watching it glow, Micah grabbing some as well and smiling at the glow it emitted
Huh?
Impossible.  Who else has been teaching you?
No one I just did what you taught me. Did I do something wrong?
No I knew you were gifted, I just didn't realize how gifted. You have incredible power!  And I'm the one who will mold that power.
So you'll keep teaching me?
Of course  We're going to do great things together.
Yes! I mean, ahem, thank you, Light Spinner
The Guild needs talents like ours more than ever before Perhaps  No.. yo're not ready.
I I know I have a lot to learn, but I'm ready for anything What is it?
Show me
It's awful Why would you conjure this?
It's no illusion This is really happening. An army has invaded our lands. They call themselves  the Horde. The Princesses have proved ineffective against their strength. They've accomplished much more in a short time, more than our socalled leaders have.
We have to do something!
Easy, Micah The Sorcerers' Guild meets tomorrow to decide a course of action. I have a plan to give us the power needed to stop the Horde. I only hope that Norwyn and his followers can see the threat as clearly as you do.
You'll make them see If anyone can do it, it's you.
How'd you find me?
You always come here when you're upset Also, I looked everywhere. Now, what's troubling my bestie?
I'm not your bestie
Oh, I don't accept any of that
Yeah, well, get used to not getting what you want in life  Hordak is making me send Shadow Weaver to Beast Island.
Wait Beast Island is real?  Oops. That's not good. Oh, shoot. Okay, let me just fix that.  Uh, Catra, can I get a hand?
Catra?  I thought Beast Island was just a story they told to keep us in line Being sent there is supposed to be a fate worse than death!
I bet there,s some nice stuff, too Maybe Shadow Weaver will write and tell us.
What is wrong with you? People don't send letters from Beat Island They go and never come back.
It doesn't matter how hard I work or what I do, Hordak doesn't trust me He never listens to me. Shadow Weaver is useful and she can help us.
Seriously/ Because she hasn't exactly given us any information. Why do you really wanna keep her around? She's never been very nice to you. I thought you kind of hated her.
You  You wouldn't understand
We can no longer stand by while the Horde conquers more and more territory  The Princesses have been unable to stop them, and now they have taken a runestone, the Black Garnet.
No
No, it can't be.
We may not have Runestones, but there is a way we can make ourselves strong enough to stand against the Horde  Cast the Spell of Obtainment and take power for ourselves!
What you propose is forbidden, Light Spinner The Spell of Obtainment leeches power, turning the caster into a magical parasite. If it does not kill the caster outright.
But I've modified the spell Tonight the three Moons of Enchantment come into alignment.  This will make all the magic of Etheria stronger. Think of the good we'll do!
There can be no good from this
So we do nothing?
The Princesses will settle the problem Etheria will take care of itself as it has always done, without resorting to twisted spells.
You know I'm right If we don't fight,  if we don't become stronger, we won't have a planet to protect!
Be satisfied with what you have, Light Spinner Some power is not meant for you.
You're all blind
What did they say?
{continues walking without looking back] They refuse to lend me their strength to do what must be done They never listen to me! After everything I've done, I still haven't earned their trust.
Norwyn and those fools don't care about magic, they just wanna hold the rest of us back
Then go back and make them understand The Horde will destroy Etheria if we don't stop them.
If you want to help Etheria, there is another way
Pack your bags You're going to Beast Island.
Oh, that's right,  heh, you don't have anything
When?
Don't you care?  It's a death sentence What don't you get about that? You're a goner unless you can give me a reason good enough to convince Hordak you're worth keeping around.  Don't you have anything to say? Just give me something!
I've given everything I have to the Horde
You really are useless  You are getting what you deserve.
Wait
[Catra stops but doesn't look back
Take pity on an old, powerless women I know my days are here are numbered. I want to see my old Sorcerer's Guild badge one last time. It must be among my things. Bring it to me. It's the last thing I'll ever ask of you.
You don't get to ask things of me anymore
The Spell of Obtainment is difficult You must stay focused, though. Once we begin casting, we cannot stop.
Are you sure about this?
We need this power It's the only way to protect our people.
Do exactly as we practiced
Light Spinner, what's happening? What is that?
Hold it steady Do not stop now.
This this isn't right!
No!
Light Spinner!
Light Spinner!
Micah, what is the meaning of all this?
Light Spinner?
Micah, how could you? After everything I've taught you  The spell was working.
The spell was evil You saw what it was doing to the room, to us.
You've always hungered after power Bringing you into our ranks was a grave mistake.
The only mistake was seeking the approval of a fool like you You're all weak! None of you deserve my help.
The spell worked I am stronger than all of you. [her voice grew deeper and raspy as she grew bigger, towering over Micah
Light Spinner, please, don't
Halt What business do you have in the Fright Zone?
Tell Hordak there is someone here who can help take him to victory
So, have you come up with anything to save your skin?
You know I haven't
Why do you insist on delivering my meals yourself? Surely, you have more important things to do
I guess I just like seeing you in shackles
We both know that's not the only reason What do you want, Catra?
Why.?  Why did you treat me like the way you did? Why was I never good enough? Really, I wanna know.
Because you remind me of myself You always have. Nothing was ever easy for me either. I wasn't born to power like Adora and the others. I had to earn my power, fight for it. Why should it be any different for you?
like you You are old, and bitter, and weak.
Ah But you are like me. And just like me, you're losing your position with Hordak. I can see that even from my cell.
You don't know what you're talking about
You're being pushed out
I am not It's just Entrapta understands all that tech stuff.
Come here
She's earned his trust How did you let this happen? Don't you see? I want you to go further than I did, but you need to be smarter than me. Stronger than me.
Then help me Come up with something so you can stay.
I will try  But I'm tired now. Come back later. Please.
Was your excursion successful, Lord Hordak?
I arrived too late I found something but it's useless. Put it with the other infants in the infirmary.
This one is different  Can't you feel it? She has power.
Fine, take it Just get it out of here.
Oh Oh, don't worry, little one. We're going to do great things together.
It's time
Uh, okay I know it hasn't been that long, but I figured we could brainstorm together.
Come on, two devious minds such as ours are  Huh?
You were just using me all along
A little to the left
This good?
Better Okay, now, Glimmer, move yours more to the right.
My right
Why are we.  up on the roof..  in the middle of the night again?
You know how I thought my Tracker Pad had broken back in Alwyn? Well, I've been studying it, and I realized the garbled static I keep getting on my screen isn't a bug It's picking up some kind of transmission. With these three moons in alignment, all transmissions should be stronger.. Adora, higher and more outish!
Guys?
Hold still! It's working! We did it! Guys, you gotta see this
Please tell me you got the message
Some of it's degraded Can you read the rest?
"Serenia Portal. Mara." What's a Serenia?
I don't know But if it has to do with Mara, it can't be good..
I called you all here to discuss what happened today The mission to retake Dryl was a complete disaster. We barely made it out.  I wanna know why.
The Horde knew we were coming, they were ready for us How do they keep doing this? We thought they were tracking Adora, but she wasn't even today!
Isn't it obvious?  There's a Horde spy somewhere in Bright Moon  ...And no one is going  until we figure out who it is.
Mermista.. it's very unlikely that there's a spy
We need to investigate Obviously, I'll be the lead detective since I've read every single  book.
Merwhat?
mysteries!
Um..but no one's been murdered...
First, we need to question the suspects
Who are the suspects?
is a suspect
Everyone?  Is anyone else sweating? I'm sweating!
This is a waste of time We know that the Horde is pulling their troops back to prepare for something big.  what we should be investigating.
No, Mermista's right And, we know it can't be me the Horde's tracking since , once again, you used me as a distraction today.  ...A spy is really the only thing that makes sense.
Maybe they didn't fall for the distraction because you're a bad actress And who would the spy even be, anyway?
How about the Horde officer who's living at I'm sorry--, at Bright Moon?  Shadow Weaver has actual shadow spies--we met them
Shadow Weaver  You think it's the pearl, but it's not.
Spoilers!
It's time to interrogate the castle!
..How are you  that?!
I practice At. HOME!
Meoow You all right there, kitten?
No Watching them mope was my ,  searching for the elusive Horde spy who foiled their plans.
? Besides, if they start to get suspicious, I'll just do a quick wardrobe change and throw the blame onto someone else
Darling, darling, don't worry I'll just tire them out a bit.
Where were you when the murders happened?
The what?
..Don't think you can get away with it.  ...Although, there still weren't any murders, Mermista.
Yet!
I sincerely do have time for this
Uh, according to a bunch of people
Witnesses!
you weren't where you were supposed to be at the Battle for Dryl
I followed the plan exactly
A likely!  Sorry..  A likely story!
Admit it You were slipping away to warn the Horde of our plan. Just like in  That one's really good, you should read it.
Look, this is what happened
Team A sent the allclear If you want to know what went wrong, ask Bow.
Okay, I confess, it was me!
Bow, we're  interrogating you
I mean, if I am the spy, it's an accident..I think... Can you be an accidental spy? Do I have an evil alterego? Or was I secretly brainwashed and I'm just realizing it now?!
So, like, are you guys still questioning me, or..?
It all goes back to what happened in Dryl..
Whoaaa..
Don't you see what this means? Either I lost my tracker pad at Dryl, and that gave the Horde vital information..or...I did it on purpose because I  the spy and I gave the signal and I didn't even know!
You're blowing my miiiind..!
BOW!  You  The spy!
You don't know that!  It all makes sense.. Who else could it be?!
So you're telling us you really didn't know ?
Not a bit I've been busy with my garden. She's always been paranoid like this, you know.
I am ..
Actually, Adora, that's
I was
Okay, you expect us to believe you were just having ?! She's the spy, you're the spy! Who else could it be?
I am not the  of this story As to your question, Glimmer saw fit to grant me free reign of the castle. My guards have been dismissed.
No guards? Seriously?!
Yes, seriously! What has she done other than help us?
Do you really want me to answer that?
Girls, every moment you waste here, the Horde gets
Well, in order to catch the spy ..we need  the spy!
Let it go, Adora! There's lots of other people it could be
Like who?
Ah, I love recounting the epic tales of my exploits My HEROIC exploits.
Yeah, it definitely  Sea Hawk Why did you even bring him in?
You said everyone was a suspect
Exploits for the ages! Narration!
Serpent of the Sea!
Wait, is that where my book went?  Sea Hawk, I've been  for it!
That's when the clouds parted
Moonlight? The battle happened
We  Dryl, and you punched, like, one guy before Glimmer got us out
Exactly! One HUNDRED guys!
WWait, wait--I-I was with the General the  time!  And why weren't you with Sea Hawk, Mermista?
Uh, because Frosta waved me over, but, like, disappeared before I could reach her
But that doesn't make any sense, she was with Bow, and then..Glimmer and the others were
Who wants to watch me do some squats?
I bet Adora and Glimmer don't shove suspects out the door..
..Okay, Flutterina. Where were you at the start of the battle?
With Bow and Frosta, of course Like we planned.  ...Is...Is everything okay?
Everything is fine Now
It's just that, everyone's so on edge after what happened in Dryl Have you tried interviewing Shadow Weaver about it? She seems kinda untrustworthy...
Oh, noo, according to Glimmer,  she's totally trustworthy, and  it's fine to just let her walk around the castle  whenever she wants..
Can we please not start this up again?
I'm just saying, it would have been nice if you  me
I don't have to tell you about every decision I make
Oh, but you tell Shadow Weaver?!
Maybe it's because Shadow Weaver actually
You two seem like you have a lot to talk about.. Maybe I'll just come back later...
I don't know why I'm going along with this The Horde is , playing around.
There is a reason we've been losing.
And we're going to keep losing if we don't act soon
There you are Why are you just standing around? This isn't the...sequel I wrote right now about all of you.
is even left to question?
I think I saw Mermista with Bow's tracker pad
Wait, have you guys been here the entire time?
..Tiny scone?
I can't believe you read those, too! is my favorite
Ugh, that one's so predictable I saw that twist coming a mile away.
Swift Wind! You weren't even there!
I told you how I took out one hundredno--one hundred and  guys, right?
You have to arrest me, for everyone's safety! Otherwise my evil alterego might do it again!
Bow, knock it off
Still no! ..And put that back.
It's not them
No
No
I think, like, maybe SheRa did it
Hey! We already questioned you
Oh, yeah I came back for the tiny scones.
I made a fresh batch!
Fizzy beverage?
If you just lent me the book, then I'd show you who done it! I think we should interrogate him again! I don't trust
happened in )
Glimmer? Where are you going?
This is working The Horde is always ahead and I can't just sit here and wait for the next bad thing to happen.
So, what? You're gonna teleport into the Fright Zone and try to solve this all by yourself?
gotta do something
Glimmer, please You can't leave in the middle of the night without backup.
The less people involved, the better We don't know who to trust.
And what about ? Were you gonna tell me? Or Bow?
Adora, I
Stay  Please. I know we can figure this out if we work together. No more secrets, and doing things without us. We need you here.  ...I need you here.
Okay I'm here.
Adora! Glimmer!
Where have you guys ?!
The communications panel in the war room has been severed!
When did this happen?
I don't know We were passing by the room when we saw it.
Wait We  you run out of here two minutes ago.
Uh, what are you talking about? I was with Perfuma
Could the storm have done something to cause this?
This wasn't an accident This was sabotage.
..The General is working on restoring communications. In the meantime, there's a backup device in the dining room, should we need it.
All of us here knew we were trying to unmask the spy And  were the ones who made the plan to take back Dryl. We've ruled out all other suspects. Which means the only person the spy could be is one. Of. Us.
Perfuma was the one who let the Horde take the doors!
I wasn't there!  Wait, you led Mermista away!
Trying to throw the blame on someone else, huh, Frosta?
If Mermista knows so much about mysteries, she'd probably know how to plan the perfect crime
And there was water by the tracker pad!
Water that could've been melted ice!
It's probably me!
It's not , Bow!
Or maybe it is, like in
It couldn't be me, I was busy fighting at least 200 soldiers!
This is a waste of time, Glimmer Shouldn't we be?
Stop  Stop  my choices, stop whining about being a decoy, juststop. Okay?
I'm not whining!
All you do is question me Question my authority. It's .
Okay, I lied I didn't fight 300 soldiers. Mermista, will you ever forgive me?
Sea Hawk, we
I don't know who to believe anymore..I can't trust my own eyes!  Who am I?!
Look at what she's doing  to her.
Oh, what? Are you  anymore?  Or are you just mad that I'm Queen and in charge and you're not?
That's Ridiculous!
idea how hard it's been for me
Because you stopped including me in your decisions! We used to be a team And now? I don't  what we are.
Come on, backup communicator, where are youuu?
Hey, Flutterina Looking for something?
Glimmer?  Adora Hi...Hi. Uh, just looking for the bathroom.
Okay..Okay, this looks bad, but I assure you, it isn't what it looks like, so let's all just
Ohoho I see...
Give it up, Flutterina If that's really who you are.
Magic How very clever.
Isn't it? Shadow Weaver helped
You see
The reveal of how they caught the murderer is my  part!
So that brings us back to you Who are you really...?
Please
Call me Double Trouble
You're a shapeshifter..
It wasn't my goggles glitching It was pretending to be Frosta at Dryl.
And Perfuma Don't short change my credits, darling.
May I say, as one actor to another, that was truly a  emotion or experience?
Enough It's over, Double Trouble. Now tell us what the Horde is planning...
Over?  Ohohoho, love, it's just beginning The Horde has been planning a  attack for some time now.
That will never happen We won't let it. Now that we know their plan, we can stop it.
Oh, stop it? Oh, this was a  It happened earlier this very evening. It's too late. Salineas is gone.
No..
No No, ii-it's not too late! It can't be!
..We can fix this. We have to be able to fix this...right?
This won't Happen. Again. I won't let it. We of Etheria...
No matter  it costs No matter what the Horde throws at us next.
Scene opens in Bright Moon's council chamber
Glimmer teleports Bow and Huntara into the room
Mermista (shouts) as her chair tips over
Oh, you're already here Perfect.
Yeah Where have you been? Is this some new SheRa form?
No this is Huntara. She's the leader of the Crimson Waste. Or was. We don't have time to get into it. We need to get to the Fright Zone.
The world doesn't stop just because you aren't here We have been planning our attack on the Horde.
Ohh That's a relief, because Catra kidnapped Adora.
All (gasp)
The Horde has Adora?
Which also means they can open a portal because they have her sword
What? I don't understand
There's no time to waste
Glimmer, slow down
We need to go to the Fright Zone now
We? You are not going anywhere until you explain Glimmer, outside. Now.
Theme song plays
Hordak's sanctum
Hordak (grunts)
This suit may be my best work yet
Hordak's suit (glitches, zaps)
Hordak (shouts)
No reason to get in a tizzy
I have never been in a tizzy
you can't expect everything to work perfectly overnight Like our machine. We still haven't figured out the missing piece that'll let us cut through the planetary interference. If we try now, the portal might not be stable long enough to get anyone through.
We only need to open a portal for a short time Long enough to send a signal through to Horde Prime. Once he receives it, he should have not trouble opening a portal form his side.
And then you'll have to go with them But there's still so much date we could collect. What's the rush? We'll just keep working on it until it's perfect.
Doors open
Adora (muffled grunts)
Entrapta (gasps)
electronics in the lab (crackle)
What? Heh Didn't expect to see me again?
Oh, you have a whip now?
Focus I got what you needed. This sword is the key to the whole planet.
I suppose it makes sense SheRa's sword is First Ones tech, maybe the most powerful I've ever seen. All this time, this was the key that we needed. I guess I should figure out how it works.
I brought you everything you need to open a portal and finish the Princesses off for good What are we waiting for?
Hmmm
Scene switches back to Bright Moon
We're wasting too much time We need to act. The Horde has Adora and the Sword.
And then what? How are you going to get in? You have no plan We are not rushing in. I won't lose anyone else.
Before I started “rushing in” the Rebellion hadn't made a move in years You need me.
I need you to be a leader, and that means not running off whenever you feel like it
What's the point? You'll always be around, telling me what I can't do
You never listen I try and try to reach you, to trust you.
You wanna talk about trust? How come you never told me that Shadow Weaver was Dad's old teacher?
I.. It was a long time ago.
You know what? We should be talking to her She knows the Horde.
She can't be trusted
We have to do something You would see that if you weren't totally paralyzed by fear.
I am you queen, and I say we cannot afford to lose anyone else Either come up with a reasonable plan, Commander Glimmer, or stay out of the way.
Glimmer (sighs)
Mermista (whistles)
Uh..
scene switches to Hordak's sanctum
With the sword connected to the portal machine, we should finally be able to bypass the planetary interference I just have no idea how it works. Heh.
Adora (shouting through gag)
Must she be here?
Good question I'm not sure if we just need the sword or of we need SheRa, too. Adora, you wouldn't happen to know, would you?
No Even if I did, I wouldn't tell the Horde.
That's okay  I like figuring stuff out.
Please, Entrapta, you don't wanna do this
Silence! Entrapta, begin
You You took me away from my family when I was a baby. You lied to me my whole life, about the Princesses, about Etheria, about who I am.
I could not have lied to you about who you are Because I have never known nor cared about someone as inconsequential as you.
You should care, because I'm the one who's gonna make sure you fail
I will not fail You have no power to stop me. I am opening that portal. And I am going to use your own sword to wipe out the rest of you pathetic Rebellion once and for –
Hordak's suit (glitches, sparks)
Hordak(grunts)
Oh
Get it to work
Sword of Protection (hums) then flies to the portal machine (buzzing)
Woah Wow.
Scene switches to Bright Moon
This is a bad idea
It's a great idea Okay, it's terrible. But what choice do we have?
I wanna help as much as you do, but Shadow Weaver?
Adora needs us now And Shadow Weaver would know all about the Fright Zone's weak points. Lets at least talk to her.
Bow (shouts)
Glimmer and Bow teleport
Princess It's about time.
You knew we were coming?
Him, I had no idea about But you... You are smart, you want to stop the Horde, and you know I'm the only one who can help you do that. I must admit, I thought it would take you longer to speak with me.
Catra kidnapped Adora in the Crimson Waste We need to get her back, before the horde uses her and her sword to open a portal.
His machine is complete? And they have Adora? We must hurry If Hordak has the opportunity to open a portal, he will do so immediately. The Alliance will never get there in time – but perhaps...
What? What is it?
Let me out and I can help you teleport right into the heart of the Fright Zone
Me? I couldn't even get to the edge of the Fright Zone without running out of power I'm nowhere near strong enough.
But I can make you stronger I'm still the only sorceress who has ever been able to tap into a runestone. If you allow me to access your connection to the Moonstone, I can enhance your powers. You could teleport us all the way there.
Uh, us?
I suppose you could come We'll teleport directly into Hordak's sanctum, disable the portal machine, and find Adora.
You can really make me that powerful?
You think of yourself only as a Princess, but you're the child of a great sorcerer You have a more powerful connection to magic than you've ever realized. Let me show you.
You just wanna use Glimmer's power to escape
I want to destroy Hordak We must strike now. Hordak can't be allowed to open a portal. We'll never have another opportunity. You know that.
Glimmer takes down the magic wall with a sparkle fist
Bow (groans)
scene switches to the Fright Zone
Hey, would you look at this?
You can't take that
Ha, ha Let's make this thing official.
It doesn't even fit
Not bad You look good in a uniform.
(whip cracks against lockers)
Catra Catra, there you are. Uhh, I have been looking everywhere for you.
Yeah, well, I've kinda had my hands full Any minute now, Hordak's going to open a portal and I'll be the reason the Horde defeats the Princesses. But hey, I couldn't have done any of it without you. Thanks.
Horned Goon Girl (laughs)
scene switches to Hordak's sanctum
You're right Just look away. Ohh, I can't. What's taking Hordak so long?
Entrapta.. we never meant to leave you behind. We thought you were dead.
But Catra said you abandoned me
Catra would say anything that helps her get what she wants
Catra is my friend I think. Yes, the data says she is.
Look, I understand Catra was my friend, too. But she makes bad decisions. This is one of them. The Horde's armies will come through, and then it's all over for Etheria. You can't open a portal.
Oh, but I can Did you miss the whole sword makes the portal machine work thing? I really don't have time to explain it.
It's too dangerous
All exploration has an element of danger But think of what we could find. Whole worlds, galaxies, things we can't even imagine.
Entrapta, please listen It isn't going to work. The last SheRa made it so we could never open another portal. Trying could destroy everything.
I have noticed some anomalies in my portal trials They could potentially pose a problem. Maybe I should run more tests. You won't try to escape if I just pop out for a quick sec, will you?
Uh.. No?
Okay, great, really appreciate it Come on, Emily.
Scene switches to the Moonstone
What do you think you're doing?
Please, don't try to stop us This is the only way to save Adora.
We're not trying to stop you We wanna come with you.
Look, we could do the whole “You can't come with us, it's too risky” thing
Or you could just accept that we're coming Because we are.
A larger group will be a disadvantage I won't –
You will We're calling the shots here. You're gonna have to make that thing bigger, weird scary lady.
Scene switches to Glimmer's room
Glimmer?
Scene switches to the Moonstone
Quickly now
Scene switches to the prison
Queen Angella (gasps, zooms through Bright Moon castle)
scene switches to the Moonstone
Shadow Weaver's magic (buzzes)
Glimmer (grunts)
No! (shouts, gasps)
Scene switches to the Fright Zone
We did it I did it. Oh, that was amazing.
Hmm, kind of figured Hordak's sanctum would be way scarier and to so empty
Yeah, no, decorating is not their strongest suit
We aimed for Hordak's sanctum, but obviously we missed We're not far. Stay behind me. And try to be quiet.
Door slams open
Four Armed Lizard Girl (drops cup)
We have to go
I'll hold her off
Four Armed Lizard Girl (screeches)
Perfuma (shouts)
Rogelio (growls)
Lonnie (triggers alarm)
My turn I didn't almost drown in these sewers for nothing.
I want in
Ice shards (thud)
Troops (marching)
We'll keep them busy Go.
Lonnie, why did you pull –? Shadow Weaver?
Shadow Weaver's magic (hums)
Glimmer (grunts)
I heard you were with the enemy, but are you actually holding hands with a Princess right now?
There's no sense in trying to fight us You don't stand a chance. Join us, or stand aside.
Ahh!
Bow (fires arrows) (grunts)
Bow!
Don't lose your focus Concentrate.
Glimmer teleports Shadow Weaver multiple times, Catra cracks whip
Glimmer (shouts)
Shadow Weaver's magic crackles down Catra's whip
Catra (shouts)
Catra, there's no need for us to be enemies I can help you. I can offer you a way out.
So, what? You're on the side of good now? You made me this way, and you get to be the good guy? (shouts) Do you know what happened to me after you escaped? Do you even care? You couldn't wait for to get away from here, from me But you came back for Adora.
I came back to stop Hordak I will make sure he's destroyed. Don't make me destroy you too.
Oh, I'm going to make sure we win We're going to open that portal, and then there will be nothing left of you or the Princesses. (shouts, moans)
Stop it You're taking too much.
No You can't fight them, they're too strong.
Scene switches to Entrapta's workshop
Ah, boy, I really appreciate you letting me assist you I miss hanging out. Yeah, you've been so busy with Hordak lately and Catra – I mean, she's got her new friends.
Entrapta's computer beeps
Oh, this is not good
Oh, you want me to go, too? I understand I'm probably in your way. I'll just –
No, no that I've been running diagnostics on the portal. Watch.
(exploding noises) from computer
You are right That is not good. Is that gonna happen? I mean, to the actual planet?
This is just an illustration What will actually happen will be much worse. If my numbers are right, and they are, if we open a portal, the anomalies will be catastrophic. It'll unhinge time and space, creating a warped reality that will collapse in on itself, erasing us from existence. I never thought I'd say this, but we can't go through with it.
Door clangs open
Catra
Why aren't you in Hordak's lab?
Uh, mm..
There's no time We need to fire up the portal machine.
We can't Opening a portal now will be disastrous. It's going to collapse and take us all with it. Adora was right.
Adora is right (laughs) Adora gets everything she wants. But not this time. This time, I am going to win. I don't care what it takes. We are opening that portal now.
No! I won't! I need to tell Hordak He'll understand –
stun baton (crackles)
Entrapta (shouts)
Get her out of here
What do you want me to do with her?
I don't care Just get rid of her. Put her on the transport to Beast Island.
BBeast Island? You can't
You want to be next?
Scene switches to hallway
Imp (screeches)
Glimmer and Bow (shout)
bot's march in
Glimmer, no
There's no choice Do it.
Shadow Weaver's magic (hums)
scene switches to Hordak's sanctum
Ohh, she did it
The Princesses are here There's no time to waste, we need to open the portal.
Where's Entrapta? I need her
Who do you think let the Princesses in?
But she.. she wouldn't.
Did you really think she was on our side?
Hordak (shouts)
Oh, you can't trust anyone, especially a Princess They'll just use you to get what they want. Open the portal and let's end this.
This way
Bow!
Forget about them Pull the switch. (shouts)
Magic (crackles) arrows fire, Hordak (shouts), building partially collapses
Catra, please, don't
Catra throws the switch
No!
The portal machine (hums, buzzes)
Scene opens with a closeup of Catra's eyes
Catra Hey, Catra. (then close) Boy, you are just as fast on sand as everywhere else. Whoo! Ha. Now, what are we looking at?
I'm looking at the Crimson Waste The place Hordak sent me to die. I have no idea what you're doing, as the last thing I told you was to leave me alone.
I know It was so noble of you. You pushed me away in order to save me. And it just brought us closer together. (chuckle)
I'm not (groans) You know what? It doesn't matter Nothing matters anymore. You know what I see here? All my hard work ignored because of one mistake. My dreams turning to dust in front of my eyes. But mainly I'm looking at that?
Lizard (screeches) as Catra nearly steps on it
Huh Must be abandoned. According to Force Captain orientation, the Crimson Waste is completely deserted.
Yeah, It better be I'm not in the mood to deal with – people.
Cantina full of patrons
Or that information could be completely wrong Man. Maybe I should have skipped orientation, ha, ha, you know what I mean?
Catra (groaning angrily)
theme song plays
Of course Hordak is wrong
Bar patron
He's a shutin who lives in his lab and doesn't know how to do anything Why am I surprised at this? Move it. I'm tired.
Four Armed Lizard Girl (squeals) as Catra hurls her from their stool
Catra (hisses, growls)
Hey, Catra, I'm not questioning you leadership here, but maybe we shouldn't pick on the heavily armed crowd?
Oh, yeah? And what are the going to do? Send me to die in the Crimson Waste? (gasps) Oh, would you look at that, I'm already here
Good riddance to that SheRa girl
Are you kidding me?
If I ever see that boy or his sparkly friend, or that angry blonde one again, I swear, I'll –
Which way did they go?
Who are you?
You said there was a sparkly girl, a boy with arrows, and a blonde Which way did they go?
Buzz off, Kitty Kitty
What, are you too dumb to understand a simple question? Just point, genius, and I'll figure it out
Hey, Catra?
What?
Last thing I remember, Hordak sent us out here to track down First Ones tech, not Adora So, why do we need to know which way they're going?
Because Adora and her friends are always after the same thing as we are Of course they're in the middle of nowhere.
She had the nerve –
So, spit it out already! Where are they going?
There are only two rules in the Crimson Waste One, the strong make the rules.
So, here's the thing I've done this. The whole “threatening people” bit, the intimidation. I've been there. And I just don't care anymore. Some people have a bad day.  I've had a bad life. If I want something, it's taken from me.  If I win a fight, I lose the war. Threats only work on someone who has something to lose. But me?
Horned Goon (exclaims)
I've already lost it all And you can't be any good at this, because you just let yourself get distracted.
Four Armed Lizard Girl (gasps)
Scorpia (giggles)
so.. what'll it be?
Hey, you know, we don't think of you as an outsider at all You are okay with us. We'll take you anywhere you wanna go, boss.
Patron (whistles)
Good
Scene switches to Mara's ship with Huntara, Adora, Bow and Glimmer
I can't believe I'm standing in front of Mara's ship
How do you know this is Mara's?
Light Hope showed me Mara's ship crashing Right before the stars disappeared.
I don't know who Mara is, but that's definitely the ship that says your name
Wait Says my name?
Not Adora It says SheRa.
This is incredible A First Ones ship? This thing used to travel through space. (shouts) Think of all the amazing things it contains. Or it could be empty. That's an option, too.
This can't be it Where's the message coming from then?
Has this ship always been here?
The Crimson Waste got hit with the mother of all dust storms And when it cleared, this was unearthed.
And then people stole everything they could pry up and take
Look, if they didn't want things stolen, they should have bolted everything down better Besides, no one comes here anymore. (chuckles)
Because there's nothing left to steal?
Well, that And it's haunted.
SheRa Etheria. Gone.
Glimmer (gasps)
Bow (exclaims)
Where is that voice coming from? And where's the door? This ship is massive but this room is tiny There has to be a door around here somewhere. Hold on.
Sword of Protection transforms to a shield (thrums)
door creaks open
bats fly out (screeching)
all (shout)
SheRa Etheria. Gone.
Scene switches to Catra, Scorpia, Four Armed Lizard Girl and Horned Goon Girl
Oh, boy, you really had them going I've never seen a room of murderous toughs look so freaked out before. It was truly an honor to witness.
What, those washedup hacks? They needed to be taught what happens when they try to threaten me
Well, they won't be bothering us anymore, that's for sure (laughs)
Scorpia whacks Four Armed Lizard Girl into cacti
Four Armed Lizard Girl (grunts) freezes solid
Oh, oops, sorry Can you carry her again?
Scorpia, you don't have to ask Carry her, idiot. Move. You know, I'm starting to thing this place gets a bad rap.
Oh, I'm with you
Horned Goon Girl (grunting)
It's nice and toasty If you look for the ground ripples you can avoid the quicksand. And my exoskeleton is loving this dry climate.
And you can take whatever you want The meaner you are, the more they listen to you. Give me your dart gun.
Oh! Uh.. Yeah, go.
See?
Scorpia (laughs)
I'm going to call you Kyle
Uh.. What?
Shut up and keep walking, Kyle
Uh.. Okay.
Catra and Scorpia (laugh)
So, this is fun
Yeah It is.
Scorpia (gasps)
Stop it right now or I take it all back
I'm not saying anything
You're doing that thing with your face where it's obvious what you're thinking
Do you mean smiling?
Look, I'm just acknowledging – (grunts)
quick sand (bloops)
We make a good team, that's it
Right A good team. That's us.
Scorpia (laughs) This is crazy Are there really animals this big? Come on.
Not anymore
(shrieking noise)
What?
Rocks crumble from above
What are you trying to pull?
Nothing What are you talking about?
Catra, what's going on?
I'll tell you what Kyle here wasn't paying attention. And led us right into an ambush.
Gang members (shout)
Tung Lashor (growls)
scene changes to Mara's ship
We do this on three One, two –
Wait! ON three or after three?
Huntara (groans)
On three On, two, three!
(shouting)
Whoa!
Whoa
Bow touches console, which beeps and activates screen
This is it This is the same message from my tracker pad.
Hologram materializes
Bow (shouts)
I am Mara, SheRa of Etheria, and I am gone
Mara I have so many questions for you. I don't even know where to start.
I am Mara, SheRa of Etheria, and I am gone
Um.. Hi? I'm Adora.
I am Mara, SheRa of Etheria, and I am gone
Well, that's unsettling
No No, no. This isn't it. I've done this before. There's usually a password or something.
I am Mara, SheRa of Etheria, and I am gone
Eternia I have the sword. I am SheRa. Administrator detected! Speak to me!
I am Mara, SheRa of Etheria, and I am gone
Adora (laughs maniacally)
Adora?
Of course it's on a loop Of course it is. Because why would a hologram ever give me a straight answer? Solve a puzzle. Train. Let go. I do everything they tell me, waiting for answers, And all I'm left with is... is... Why was I taken from my family? Why was I forced to become a soldier? Why did I come here if this was nothing but another dead end?
Adora punches console which beeps, revealing a hologram of a sword hilt
Adora, I'm sorry Maybe we can –
Adora places sword in console which activates, another hologram of Mara
I don't have much time I barely made it out... If you are seeing this, it means you wield the Sword. You are the new SheRa. It means I failed. I was supposed to be the last. And I am so, so sorry.
Scene switches back to Catra and company
Gang member (shouting)
Oh no It's Tung Lashor!
I'm sorry, what?
Look, Tung Lashor leads the number two gang in the Crimson Waste He's bee itching to push Huntara out of years and become number one. With her gone, they'd run this place.
And it looks like today is our lucky, lucky day (shouts) I never thought you'd be dumb enough to step foot out here without Huntara. But here you are. And now I'm gonna leave your bones as a warning to all who cross Tung Lashor, strongest in the Crimson Waste.
It sounds even stupider the second time Seriously, Tung Lashor? Pfft. Which one of you came up with that?
Right? It's like, what, did you lose a bet?
Gang member (laughs, then falls, thudding on the ground)
You done, outsider?
Are you kidding? I'm just getting started First, all that “leaving your bones” talk, it's just too much. I'm I'm sure around here you're considered very scary.
Tung Lashor (snarls)
Second, they're not with Huntara anymore, they're with me And third... I like that whip. I think I'll be taking it.
Is that so? Big talk for such a little –
Hey, do you even know how to use a whip?
Can't be hard if this guy figured it out
Uh.. I said –
I think it's all in the wrist Ya know, like wapow! Crack! Whip!
No, I'm not going to say 'whip' when I use the whip No one does that.
Ohh, maybe you can say a catchphrase then Like, uh... Like, whip. I mean it's – I mean, I'm just spitballing here. I like, I don't know, like...
Enough! I'm gonna wipe that smirk off your face, outsider (growls) Who's the strongest in the Crimson Waste?
Lashor! Lashor!
And don't you forget it Hah! Whip!
Catra!
Catra and Tung Lashor (shouting)
Where's all that big talk now, Kitty?
Catra?
Tung Lashor (laughing)
Catra (mock laughing)
You cheating little –
Catra and Tung Lashor (shouting)
What? Oh, no
Oh, hold on Great. Thanks for the whip.
Guys Anybody! Help me, please!
That was too easy Now, who's the strongest in the Crimson Waste?
Catra Catra. Catra.
Catra!
And don't you forget it
yeah!
Scene switches to Mara's ship
I don't know what they told you, but it wasn't all bad at first We were the first ones to settle Etheria, to really study this planet's magic. How could it go so wrong? Light Hope use the Can't-- Weapon-- The weapon-- Weapon--
What weapon? Bow, how's it going? Have you fixed it?
I'm trying, but I think the message got damaged when the ship crashed
I opened a portal to a completely empty dimension and pulled Etheria in I hid us from the rest of the universe to keep everyone safe. This is the one place they'll never find us. I sw what they would do. The deaths that would follow. I couldn't stop them before, but I can now. Hiding is our only option. Maybe it's been a week. Maybe it's been thousands of years. I never wanted to be a hero. I won't be remembered as one.
Alarm (blaring)
You have the Sword now It is the Administrator Key to our planet. With it, you can activate a portal. So I'm begging you. Don't do it. Leave us here. If you open a portal, death and destruction will follow. For the good of the universe, Etheria must stay in Despondos. If not, everyone will –
program crashes, ship powers down
off camera (slow clapping)
Who's there? Come out and face Huntara!
Blow darts strike Bow and Glimmer
Bow and Glimmer (grunt)
Catra's gang enters
You two joined Tung Lashor?
They haven't joined him They joined me. Hey Adora. (snaps fingers)
blow darts strike Huntara
Huntara (grunts)
For the honor of (grunts)
This might be the quickest I've ever won a fight Always so dramatic with you, isn't it, Adora?
Huntara (groans)
Huntara! Get them out!
Huntara (snarls)
Stop her
Time passes
all (cheer)
A toast to driving Huntara out of the Waste!
All (cheer)
A toast to finding all this new loot, huh?
All (cheer)
And a toast to Boss Catra, best leader we've ever had!
Yeah!
Scorpia! A toast to Scorpia!
Oh, yes, Scorpia! Whoo!
What? I can't You guys, I – Thank you. Yes. Gosh.
Can you believe this? They said this was called a “party” I like it. When we go back, there's going to be a lot more parties.
Uh, the crazy desert lady got away
Let her We've got the most important thing right here. You heard that hologram. This is the key to the whole planet. When I bring this back to the Fright Zone, Hordak will see me for what I'm worth and I'll be back on top.
Or, you know, counterpoint, we don't go back at all
What? Why wouldn't we go back?
Uh.. Because you hate it there?
I don't
Hear me out, okay? Within like, a day, you've defeated the gangs ruling the Crimson Waste and made yourself their leader This is the happiest I've ever seen you. Scratch that. This is the first time I've ever seen you happy, period. So, why would we go back? Let's stay here. Forget Hordak. Forget Adora. Forget all of them. We could rule the Crimson Waste together, just the two of us. We cold, you know, be happy.
I I don't – I have to go check on the prisoner
Door clangs open
Catra, you can't do this
Well, hello to you, too What can't I do this time?
Hordak is trying to open a portal He wants to bring the rest of the Horde army through to Etheria. We can't let that happen.
The rest of the Horde army?
Hordak is part of a gigantic evil army from another world
Never a dull moment with you Why would I be against more Horde? That means we win and you lose.
We'll all lose if Hordak uses his portal machine Light Hope and Mara both said that opening a portal will endanger everyone.
You'll listen to anything weird old holograms tell you, won't you? You should really try to get over that Besides, how do you know about what Hordak's doing?
Shadow Weaver told me We know all about Hordak's plan.
Shadow Weaver told you? How exactly did Shadow Weaver tell you this?
You didn't know?
How?
Catra, Shadow Weaver is in Bright Moon
Shadow Weaver left me for you All of this happened because of you.
Catra? Catra, please, you have to listen
Catra (murmurs)
Hey Catra Whoa, there. Gotta be careful, boss.
Catra's gang (cheers)
Catra? You okay?
We are going back
Scorpia (gasps)
We are going to open a portal And we are going to crush them all.
Closing theme music plays
TBA
Woohoo!
That was awesome, Can we do it one more time?
Oh, thats quite enough for today, Besides
Did you two go flying without me?
Dad You're back!
Think fast!
You're getting good at that
I've been practicing
Yes, She only blew up my flower garden twice
Welcome home love
You were having so much fun without me, you cant of missed me much
Your majesties!
We found a girl sneaking into bright moon through the whispering woods She was trying to break into the princess's chambers.
What? Please escort the princess safely to her room until we determine the trespassers intentions
Glimmer!
Glimmer! What is going on? Everyones really freaked out today!
Theres a trespasser in Bright moon! We need to figure out who she is!
Why do we need to figure out who she is?
Because.. I don't know! I just feel like I know her somehow! So, we're gonna and spy while my parents interrogate her!
What?!
I know it sounds crazy, but she came here for a reason and I need to know why If you want to stay behind, just tell me.
I want to stay behind.
Hmm, Didn't hear anything, Lets go!
Bring in the prisoner!
King Micah?! You're here? Oh, You look different then your mural
This is a truth spell, You will be compelled to answer honestly Now tell us, who are you and why did you break into Bright moon?
Uh, Ok, wow, This is gonna be a lot to explain, um  and its going to sound a little weird but I swear its all true Reality is collapsing in on itself because of the portal that Hordak and Catra set off. They're from the horde, Except you don't remember the horde because the fright zone disappeared  Like right now, It was pretty crazy. It got eraised by the portal but I promise it used to exist and we were fighting them with the Princess Alliance.
And I had a sword that could turn me into an 8 foot tall warrior lady with really great hair called Shera
But the horde used the sword to set off the portal and I need Glimmer and Bow to help me stop it and save Etheria!
i. Uh.
Who are you?! How do you know my daughter and the royal apprentice historian?
Hes a historian here? That doesn't matter, we're best friends
I've never seen you before.
Well thats cause normally, you're dead
Are you threatening the king?!
How dare you say such a thing!
I'm sorry but none of this is right You must have noticed it! What did you do yesterday, theres a reason you can't remember. This world isn't real!
I have heard quite enough!
Angella, Its alright
I need to talk to Bow and Glimmer! They're the strongest people I know!
I need their help to stop reality falling apart!
Guards, escort this young woman to our holding cell!
The spare room
{The guards nod and grab Adora, pulling her backwards, Adora struggles]
Wait! You have to believe me!
Don't listen to her, she's lying
But your truth spell..
I must of done it wrong.. Theres no way anything she said could be true. It's It's not possible!
Bow! Glimmer! I knew you guys would
Do you remember me at all?
Listen crazy lady! My dad has never messed up a spell, you were telling the truth in there, How can that be?
Of course you were listening in, I should've known
Ok will you stop acting like you know us?! We've never met you!
Yes you have
Bow, You saved our lives more times then I can count You're a great fighter, a genius inventer, and you shouldn't worry about what your dads think. They're proud of you, just like I am.
And Glimmer
You never give up or admit defeat, I know making friends is hard for you yet your the one who pulled us all together
I've never met anyone like you
None of that is true! I'm just a princess, and Bow isn't a fighter, He's. Bow.
This. This isn't right.. I mean, everything is perfect. Everyone keeps saying everything's perfect.
My dad.. He's gone isn't he?
yes.
Woah!
Uh, what is that?
Oh no, It's starting to happen here too We don't have much time.
So, what do we do now?
We fix reality, uh, somehow. Razz told me to go back to the beginning. But, I don't know what that means.
Ok well, You said a portal started all of this, Can you think of anyone who'd know how to make a
Entrapta.
Of course! Entrapta
Glimmer! Can you teleport us to Dryl?
What? I barely managed to teleport me and Bow in here!
then we'll just have to do this the Best Friends Squad way!
Run! Go Go. Go!
This is how we normally do things?!
Yeah, We improvise!
I really don't like improvising!
Ok, we have to get out of Bright moon before it disappears like the Fright zone!
Princess, you shouldn't be
Is that the prisoner?!
Sorry!
There was a door here!
Uh, Guys!?
Step away from my daughter! Now!
Mum stop! Can't you see what happening?
Angie?
Whats wrong?
I'm sorry, For everything But we have to make this right
Glimmer!
Hello!
Do I know you?
Angie?
[Micah comes up behind Angella, He grabs her hand and turns her to face him
We'll get her back, Angie, and then everything will be perfect again
This is perfect my love, but it's not real
I remember now.
I miss you so much.. But Glimmer needs my help, And I can't stay with nothing but memories.
Angella i.. i-
Goodbye Micah
Angie, Angella wait! I'm not
This is facinating! I've never had nonrobots visit me before! Usually it's just me and all my friends
Friends?
Aren't they amazing!?
And if they break, I can just make new friends!
Tiny snacks?
Oh, sorry about that They're still getting the hang of human food. Unless this is what you eat! I have so many questions, Tell me everything!
Entrapta, I know what i'm about to say sounds crazy
Is this about the unstable portal slowly consuming and warping our reality?
Now you're not gonna believe Wait, What did you just say?
Oh, I figured it out a while ago An unstable portal is the only thing that would account for all the anormalies I've been picking up in my research. The portal exists somewhere in our world and as long as its still open it's gonna keep to destablising reality, making this disappear until, Bam! Nothing's left!
Which is a bad thing..
How do we stop it?
Portals are gateways.
Wormholes that connect one area of space to another, The only way to turn it off is from the inside But, who ever shuts down the portal can't leave. they'll be trapped between realities, possibly forever.
Oh! Imagine the data they could collect!
Wait, so whoever turns it off will be trapped inside it forever?
Exactly
There must be another way! Try to remember Entrapta, when you and Hordak built the portal machine
Remember..I.. remember, I had a lab partner, Hordak, we were friends and then Catra...  Oh, I remember everything now...I'm not really here.
No, No this can't be happening already We should of had more time!
There is no more time, It all makes sense now, it's your sword, the portal is centred on you! It's following you!
What?
No!
You need to remove the sword from the inside, It's powering the portal
As soon as it's gone everything will be alright again! {sadly] It was nice being friends with you.
Entrapta, No!
Scene switches to the Crystal Castle
Where are we?
We're at the beacon (gasps) Stars?
Adora, what is happening?
It's what Entrapta said Reality is unraveling faster now. I – I think we might be too late. (gasps) Mara? Stay here. Entrapta said the portal is centered on me. You're at risk as long as we're together. If I draw it away –
No I know what you're thinking, Adora. You said you knew us? Well, we know you.
You can't relax to save your life You're terrible at acting.
You're stubborn and headstrong, and you're our best friend
Wait, no
You got this, Adora We believe in you.
Adora (weeps)
Hey, Adora
Scene switches to cantina
Oh.. Where are your friends?
Catra, stop You have to
It's always the same with you, Adora “I have to do this. Oh, we have to do that.” Let's be honest, all of this is your fault.
Scene switches to the Northern Reach
If you hadn't gotten captured, your sword wouldn't have opened the portal If you hadn't gotten the sword and been the world's worst SheRa, none of this would've happened.
Adora (shouts)
scene switches to ocean outside Seaworthy
Admit it, Adora, the world would still be standing if you had never come through that portal in the first place
Scene switches to Crystal Castle, then to the Fright Zone
You made me this You took everything from me.
Scene switches to Mara's ship
You broke the world, and it is all your fault
No, it's not
Scene switches to the tear in reality
I didn't make you pull the switch I didn't make you do anything. I didn't break the world, but I am gonna fix it. And you? You  made your choice. Now live with it.
Catra (shrieks)
Adora!
Adora (gasps)
Hold on!
I remember, Adora I know this world isn't our own. How do we fix this?
Go back to the beginning Razz meant my beginning. The the place I came through as a baby. I can fix everything. I just need to go into the portal and pull out the sword. That'll turn it off and everyone will come back safe and sound.
And you'll come back safe, too? Adora, you'll come back, too, right?
I have to do this This is my destiny.
Oh, Adora, no This is not it.
But.. this is the only way to fix things.
Do you want to know a secret? I am a coward
What? No
I've always bee the queen who stays behind Micah was the brave one. And then Glimmer... Oh, Glimmer. So much like her father. And once again I stayed behind, letting her make the hard choices, letting her be brave for me. I told myself I was being responsible, but, Adora, I was just scared. And then I met you. You inspired us. You inspired me. Not because it was your destiny, but because you never let fear stop you. And now I choose to be brave.
No! Your Majesty! Angella!
Take care of each other
For the honor of Grayskull!
Scene switches to Hordak's sanctum, in normal time
all (exclaim)
Huh?
SheRa (shouts)
We have to go now
Hordak (grunts)
Adora
See? We told you, you could do it
Woohoo! Yes, we did it We did it.
Touching as this is, we need to go Now!
Glimmer (grunts)
laugh and shout
We did it Did we do it? We did it.
I'm probably going to be grounded for the rest of my life, but reality is back to normal Speaking of which, I guess I should go find my mom. Maybe she'll be so happy to see me that she'll forget about grounding me. Adora? What is it?
Angella, she stayed behind She – She –
Glimmer (weeps)
She saved us
Scene switches to space station
console (beeps)
So, that's where you've been, little brother
check
Whoa, hey! Careful there  Cool, right? Catra gave it to me in the Crimson Waste. She's got a matching one, it's like, our thing, you know?
check
I am brave, strong, loyal, and give great hugs  And I am going to be the  CAN BE!
"Come on! Let's go! Move! What are you doing?!" "Darryl! Seriously?!" "Watch out! I'm coming through"]
Yep Today will be a great day!
You dropped one!
My bad!
Watch your step!  At this rate, we'll have the supply line open in no time Just hang back.
Looking for this?
This one's mine
Looks like it's your lucky day  I've got this  I've really wanted to try out.
Hey!  I had that one!
You are the Q I can't let anything happen to you.  Besides, whatever dark magic Shadow Weaver taught you  obviously doesn't seem to be doing the job...
It's not dark magic  And it would have been  cool if it had worked!
Aw, you guys! Look at us!  The Best Friend Squad back together again!
Whoo! Take ! Thank you so much for letting me come
This can't be  of them Where's the rest? There aren't even any bots.
I didn't see any others  They probably ran away scared.
All right! We should head out We've still got another outpost to shut down before we can reopen supply lines to the Kingdom of Snows. Come on! Let's move.
Wasn't SheRa  lucky she saved you before that Horde soldier reached you
She didn't  me!  I was..doing...a thing.
Oh, right I mean, your little magic trick would've been really cool if it had worked! Anyway, your real strength is in teamwork! And the way you let Adora give you orders even though you're the Queen, II--
She wasn't giving me
The greatest team! That's why she can talk to you like that, all,  "I'm SheRa, I know best!", but you stay friends  What a bond...
Like lambs to the slaughter..  Hey, guys! Wait for me!
The Rebellion is dismantling our northern perimeter Why are our outposts unprepared for an attack?
they're skeleton crews I've called back the main defenses.
What? Why?
Okay.. The princesses have no idea what's coming. Let them waste their time on some useless outposts. We are saving our resources for the .  The final part of our plan, remember?  It's almost time.
We're..not ready.  I need more time to complete the weapon.
We've put more time
hold the key to making this work..
You think I don't know that?!
Emily! You know you're supposed to stay in my room Ya little scamp.  Come on, no guilt trip, it's for your own good. We can't let Catra see you, and right now? I'm bringing her a cup of my famous soothing tea. ...Old family recipe. If anyone could use a pickme-up, it's Catra.
Go on
Aaah, okay, you can come  Can't say no to that cute little face.
Hey, I said you can come, where are you
Who are you talking to?
Catra! Oh!  Hot! Okay, boy, you can really  sneak up on a gal  ...Oh, areare you okay? You don't look so good, I--have you been getting enough sleep? ...Here. I made you some--
I didn't ask for your opinion I have a job for you. I need you to find Entrapta's recordings, you know, that  she was always babbling into.
You want..Entrapta's recordings? Does this mean
It will have been worth it  Find me those recordings so I can finish this.
Yes! Yes, I'll find them II promise. D-Did you want any of the...tea? ...You know what, it's not a--
What are you still doing here?!
See, Emily? What did I tell you? Catra just needed a loyal friend I'll find those recordings, she'll do her mission, and then she can relax, and things will go back to normal.
Scorpia! A little help?
Hey, guys! Can't stay long  I'm on a super important, topsecret mission for Catra.
Good luck with  grateful
Uh, yeah Of course she'll be grateful.  Everything Catra's done has been to help the Horde. And if we stick with her, keep doing our jobs...I'm sure she'll notice.  ...You know...eeventually...
Yeah, right Our guys are getting attacked on the northern perimeter ...and Catra's letting it happen. She doesn't care about  of us.
No No, you're wrong. Catra's been...under a lot of pressure...and maybe she just...
When are you gonna wake up?!  ..Hey! We were supposed to be loading these  work to do.
Good idea You go do your job, and I'll do mine.  Just a...welloiled machine...
I don't see any defensive bots here, either Honestly, it doesn't look like there's anyone on watch.
But we don't know what they've got the outpost, so let's go in nice and slow  Here's what we're gonna do...I Glimmer!
Glimmer, what are you doing? You can't just rush into battle on your own like that, you're the !  You're too valuable
And what's  plan? More dark magic?
It's
Magic won't fix everything, you know!
What good is magic if I can't use it!
Double Trouble, sometimes you're  good..
you have  for!
I don't need you guys  to  my own decisions!
We're   looking out for you!
Hey! What's going on with you two?
Nothing!
Okay, we're talking this out Adora, is there  you need to say to Glimmer?
No! I don't know! What, it's fine!
Come on, you can do it! Communication is the  to a good friendship!
..it's too dangerous.
You really think I'm naive enough to  her?
Glimmer Would you like to try phrasing that a  more constructively?
?
Of course I trust you, Glimmer
you go  That's how the Best Friend Squad does it!
Ugh, I have to do  around here
HELP! HELP!  SHERA, HELP!
Flutterina!
HELP! HELP! Put me down!  I'm on your side Now follow my lead...  HEEEELP!
Anything yet?
Aah, I know we've looked everywhere, but it's gotta be here somewhere..
Super Pal Trio Man, those were good times, huh?  Focus! Scorpia, you can't let Catra down. ...Think like Entrapta... Think like Entrapta...    The Black Garnet Chamber!
Yeah, this place also gives ] You're not going to believe this, Emily, but I'm actually a princess
I know, right? That's what they all say!  It's ridiculous, I know, but..it's true. The whole Fright Zone used to be my family's kingdom, but then Hordak showed up and...well...you know. The rest is history.  It's not like the Black Garnet ever worked for me anyway...
Ah, it's for the best I mean, can you imagine? Me, a princess?  I just need to find those recordings and then
Entrapta?
I..I miss her.  Wait, Entrapta's recordings...she stored them ?!
But Catra  you and..she's kind of said the words "scrap metal" and "Emily" together a lot. ...Come on, I know a great place to hideI-I mean, think, not hide. We're not hiding, we're...thinking. That's it.
Bow, can you take them out?
I can't risk hitting Flutterina!
Come on, work with me here!
Uh..drop your weapons...or the girl...gets it?
Ugh, it'll do
Let her go,  Or it's not gonna be pretty.
Glimmer, no They could hurt Flutterina.
has to do something
Why isn't anyone guarding these outposts? Where is everyone?
Ah, I don't know!
I haven't practiced this one as much..I'm still getting the  painful.
Okay, okay! Catra called back our bots and most of our team, butI don't know why, I swear!  I don't, I really don't!
I think you do..
Glimmer, stop!
Catra pulled her forces from the northern perimeter We've been wasting our time  Bow, put him back with the others and let's go.
Glimmer, what are you doing? You took things way too far
I wasn't going to actually hurt him Did you think I would really
Look, maybe we should get some rest and talk about this when
The Kingdom of Snows' supply line is open We're done here.
Fine by me
And scene
Welcome to Horror Hall! It was part of the royal Scorpion Family's kingdom, but nobody comes here anymore  I would sneak down here to hide when I was a kid. Yeah...  Oh! Check out these guys! That's Pointy, over there is Captain Pointy, and this here is the widow Madame Pointessa.  Okay, I made those up, I don't know their names.  But this!
This guy..this is my granddad, the King. He was the greatest. I mean, that's what the Horde told me anyway, I don't remember him, I was too young.  I have granddad to thank for my opportunities in life. He made the alliance with Hordak. As part of it, our kingdom gave up our Runestone...and...princess... My granddad must've known I'd be...happier...as a soldier.  I made friends in the Horde...like you!
Ah Okay, well...  Things didn't exactly work out for my kingdom, but...granddad stayed loyal to the end. That's what scorpions do best! Brave, loyal... hugs.
I need to be there for Catra I'll just tell her about the recordings. She is my friend, and she will not hurt you if I ask her not to.
Sheshe was threatened She didn't mean it...
Catra..betrayed her. ...She betrayed . And I just let her take Entrapta away... Catra doesn't...care. She'll hurt people to get her way. If she knew the recordings were inside of you...
But I still have time I can still be a good friend.
You better have something for me
..Entrapta's recordings. She stored them all in Emily.
The chip got damaged when I extracted it, but..hopefully that won't matter? It was just so small, and you know...pincers.
You broke..the recordings?
II didn't mean to--
I asked you to do one thing! One  be this useless?!
What?!
..You're a bad friend.
The recordings?
Entrapta must've taken them with her before leaving There's nothing.
I gave you..an order...
Get Over. It.  You don't You and I are going to conquer Etheria, and then...and then, they'll all see!
Oh, of course..  Yes. We will prevail. Give me another day, and I  be ready.
Does that mean..I can give the command?
It is time
Okay, I bought us some time Catra didn't know that was just old junk or that I was...lying to her.  ...There's nothing I can do for her...but maybe I can still help Entrapta.
Ready for a Super Pal Duo field trip?  We're getting out of here, Emily For good.
She didn't seem unhinged
You've been growing magic plants this whole time?! What do these do?
Those are daises, I find them cheerful
Pull the switch! And let’s end this
Catra… Please, don’t No!
Adora…
Adora!
Whoa, whoa, whoa! AAdora! Heh Since when do you sleep in?
Where am I? How did I get here?
Uh, you’re in your room Are you okay?
I… I’m fine I was just having a weird dream. There was something I needed to fix…
, Adora Everything’s perfect.
Yeah…it was just a dream
Come on, get up
Adora…
Adora… It’s really her! It’s Adora!
Whoo! Yeah! All right! Yes!
What are they all looking at?
You! The invasion of Thaymor went perfectly You’re the hero of the hour.
Thaymor…
Oh…Yeah! I defeated the rebel insurgents at Thaymor Yeah.  I did that.
Oh, please, you couldn’t have done it without me
Right… What would I ever do without you?
Hey Watch where you’re going, twerp.  Force Captain! I didn’t know you were I’m so sorry.
You’d better be Dismissed.
Oh! Force Captain! Don’t hurt me!
Too good!
Where are we going again?
To the locker room There’s something I wanna show you.
Then why are we going the long way around? Let’s take the side door right—Huh
What? It’s always been this way Are you sure you’re okay?
Yeah, I’m okay
Do you have a concussion or something? I know you get hit on the head a lot, but I figured your dumb little hair poof would cushion the blow
I’m fine, okay? Don’t make me kick your butt!
Pfft, as if you could
Surprise!
Surprise
? Are those ration bars?
We wouldn’t have been able to defeat the rebels at Thaymor without you Plus, you were the one who talked Shadow Weaver into letting us come. So, we all pitched in, took Kyle’s ration bars for a week, and made this.
I’m hungry, but celebrating your victory is worth it
You guys! You even got the gray kind, it’s way better than the brown kind
Hey, it was Catra’s idea!
Oh, yeah?
Eh, whatever, don’t make a big deal about it
, I can’t believe you like me, that is so embarrassing for you
because I like you!
No No, no, no!
Oh, come on, Kyle!
Sorry…
Dang it…
What?
Adora
Get off the floor You are the Force Captain who sacked Thaymor.
Sorry, Shadow Weaver
Look at you You’re a mess. Go get yourself cleaned up.
You’re no longer children I have high hopes for you both. Do not wasted your time on such foolish games.
Yes, Shadow Weaver
Adora, come with me
I will admit, I did not think that Catra and the others were ready to be deployed But under your command, they performed admirably. You are becoming every bit the leader I always knew you to be.
Thank you, Shadow Weaver I couldn’t have done it without them.
Suffice it to say, Hordak is impressed with your performance He is rewarding you with a new mission.
Really?
is who you are The Force Captain who will lead the Horde to victory.
It’s what you’ve always dreamed of Everything is perfect.
Mara, dearie!
What did you just say?
I said, are you ready for the briefing, Adora? Now run along Don’t keep the sergeant waiting.
Hi I’m Scorpia.
Oh, hey Adora.
like you IIt’s just like this gut feeling I have. Maybe it’s that little poof thing you do with your hair. Or how much it draws attention to your gigantic forehead.
Okay, can everyone lay off my hair today?
The Salineas Sea Gate, separating Horde Territory from rebel controlled waters… We have a week to plan, and then it’s gotime, people
Now, it’s possible that you might have to go faceto-face with a Princess  They’re powerful and completely devoid of conscience.  But it’s possible to take them out.
What happened to the stars?
What’s going on?!
Uh, Force Captain Adora? You have something to say?
Huh? Where’s the screen?
There’s…no screen All the information should be in your report.
Force Captain!
Adora? Adora!  What is wrong?
Did you write this?
Did I write a blank piece of paper? I’m gonna go with no
No, there was something—Something there, I—I think And then I was running. Why was I running?
Okay, okay, calm down
I can’t calm down There’s something I keep forgetting, there’s something II’m supposed to fix. I remember a sword, a b-bright light, and you were there—
Ow! What was that?
Sorry! You were freaking out and it was freaking me out!
Well, you didn’t have to slap me!
Come on, let’s get you outside, you need some air
No, Catra, I don’t need—
Air…  How did we get here?
We climbed up…like we always do Don’t you remember?
I don’t know what’s happening to me It’s like I’m losing my mind.
You just need to relax
Yeah… Yeah, you’re probably right I’mI’m fine. Everything’s fine.
Of course I’m right Everything’s perfect. Soon, the two of us are gonna be ruling Etheria together, just like we always planned.
Is that what you really want? To rule the world?
I—I mean, yeah, obviously… Isn’t that what you want, too?
I don’t know
Don’t flake out on me now This is what we always wanted. Everything will be perfect as long as we stay together.
What if we don’t stay together? What if it all goes wrong?
Why can’t you see that?!
Adora! Stay with me, okay? You’re just seeing things It’s all in your head.
Adora! Catra! Thought we’d find you up there Get down here! We got big news.
…What?
Okay, okay We just got word, we’re being sent to Salineas tonight.
But they said at the briefing that’s not for another week
a week
No
Adora?
I know this is wrong, can’t you see it?! My memories don’t match, we’re jumping around, things are disappearing, it’s like time and space aren’t working right And I—
Adora, stop it  Stop!
Mara! Portal I think I remember. None of this is right.  We’re not supposed to be here.
Adora! Everything’s okay
…Everyone except Scorpia.
Adora! Adora, where are you going?
You don’t think things are perfect!
happen to take it very seriously And also, …what are you talking about?
Things aren’t right! You must feel it, too I’m not sure why yet, but I’m starting to remember. …I need to get into Hordak’s sanctum and you need to help me!
Hordak’s sanctum  I’m not sure if you know, but no one is allowed in there without express permission. I mean , this is basic stuff. Are you sure you’re qualified to be a Force Captain?
Okay, Adora, I totally hear you Everything’s gonna be fine.  In fact, I think I know some nice people who can help if you just—
Tell me you remember. Everyone’s acting like things are perfect, except for you… Even Catra is—
Catra…
remember…
No, I— I mean, II don’t know And Catra she—she was just scared, she didn’t mean to—What is going on? I keep-I keep forgetting things. This… This is all wrong. How did we get here?
I don’t know All I know is that we have to get to Hordak’s sanctum.
HOW DID WE GET HERE?
Just go with it, okay? We need to get past those guards
Oh, man, this is a bad plan! What happens if we get caught? We are so fired!
Enough, stop it  Don’t, just—just move, move.
Hey! What are you doing here? Hands up!
fired
Scorpia You need to focus. None of that matters.
I don’t like this
Uh, wasn’t there a door here just a second ago?
Things are disappearing It’s getting worse. We have to hurry, there’sthere’s gotta be another way in. …There! It’s that lady!
What lady?
The one who says “Mara” Come on!
Okay, that makes no sense! But I’m gonna follow you because I don’t see a lot of other options
Wait!
Oh, she’s so fast …Okay.
? Whoa
This is it Come on.
I hope this works
It will And then you can go back to hating me.
Look If you get us out of this, I promise I won’t hate you. I will just dislike you a reasonable amount.
Deal
No No, no…
This can’t be right It was here, it was right here. Where is it?!
Catra It was Catra. Catra did this, she captured me, she took …the sword. She activated the portal.
Sword?
why we’re here, I need to find it!
Quick, hide!
That was close
Run!
What is happening?! I don’t understand what is going on! Adora, wait! Wait up!
Scorpia? Scorpia!
Wait!
, Mara, dearie!
Who are you? Why do I know you? What are you doing in the Fright Zone? Is this real?
I am afraid so, dearie But you can still fix it. There’s still time!
Find me in the woods, dearie!
Adora! Adora, where have you been?!
Lonnie, we have to get out of here Where are Kyle and Rogelio?
Who?
Our…teammates since we were kids Where are they?
Uh…I don’t remember… I think… I think they’re gone?  What is going on?!
Come on!
Lonnie, we have to…
Catra!
Adora—
Hey! You’ve officially lost it, haven’t you?!
Listen, we have to go Now! Scorpia, Lonnie, Kyle, Rogelio, they’re all gone.
What are you talking about? Who’s gone?
They’re gone! There’s nothing left And we’ll be next if we don’t get out of here right now.
You’re not making any sense Everything’s fine, okay? It’s
Don’t say it’s perfect! I know it’s not perfect, and so do you!
You’ve gone crazy I’m not going anywhere.
Catra…
What are you?!
Catra, no!
Catra, you can’t We need to get as far from the Fright Zone as possible or we’ll be completely erased along with everything else.
You think you can convince me by kidnapping me?! What is wrong with you?
I won’t leave you behind again
Why can’t you just stay? We have everything we ever wanted
It’s not real, Catra As much as I wish that things could be simple the way they used to be, there’s no going back.
Why did you do it?
I don’t know what you’re talking about!
There’s no time We have to go.
You look out for me and I look out for you Nothing really bad can happen as long as we have each other.
You promise?
I
I promise Everything will be okay if we just stay together.
Come with me You don’t have to go back there. We can fix this.
Help me fix this Please!
This can’t be what you wanted!
going to go with you!
You always have to go and ruin it, don’t you?
Catra, look what’s happening! You’re going to destroy everything!
I won’t let you win. I’d rather see the whole world end than let that happen.
Catra, no!
Catra!
Oh, is that you, Mara?  You made it after all
Madame Razz
It’s been such a long time since we last saw each other, hasn’t it? That or…it hasn’t happened yet I always get those two things mixed up.
I couldn’t save anyone else
It’s not too late You can still bring them back, but you must act quickly.
How do you know all of this?!
Because this has all happened before! I remember it like it was yesterday For Madame Razz, it was yesterday…
This happened before…with Mara!
Yes, dearie When she moved Etheria and took away the stars. Heh, it was crazy.
It’s all my fault I’ve been so afraid of becoming another Mara. Destroying the world the way she did…and now…it’s happening.
Destroy the world?  No Mara saved the world, and so will you. But you can’t waste any more time. You need to go back to the beginning. You need to find the sword. That is the only way this will stop!
I did that, didn’t I? I went back to the Fright Zone The portal wasn’t there!
No, that wasn’t the beginning You need to go back to the very beginning.
II-I don’t understand
That’s all right, dearie You don’t need to understand. You just need to remember.
I have to remember…
Bow and Glimmer I need to find them!
Go on, dearie! Quickly!
TBA
Scene opens in Bright Moon
Serenia, portal, Mara Maybe Mara's last name is Serenia, or the portal is a Serenia? I'm gonna be honest with you, future Bow, I'm getting nowhere.
Tracker pad (beeps)
No Was that today? This can't be happening, not now. No, no, no.
scene switches to Adora's room
Glimmer teleports in
Adora, get up
What's going on? What is it?
It's Bow He's in trouble.
Theme song plays
scene switches to the Whispering Woods
Bows tracker pad and arrows are gone He must have left after he shot that note through my window.
The not that says, “I'm fine Don't follow me.”?
He's not fine We have to follow him. If he was, he would've told us he was leaving. And after finding out the signal is about Mara –
Okay, okay, Glimmer, just clam down I agree, okay? So, where does Bow go when he's not at Bright Moon?
Uh..
Seriously? How long have you two been friends, again?
Look, Bow really values his privacy He's never talked about his past or where he came from. Never. And you know how talkative and open Bow usually is. Something's wrong. What if he's in trouble?
Bow definitely came this way, judging from the broken twigs, the sap and his incredibly distinct footprints
There's no way Bow would ever leave his trick arrows behind I told you, he's in trouble.
What is that place?
Glimmer teleports herself and Adora into the Library
We have to find Bow, and get him out of this, uh.. library?
Have you ever heard of a library in the Whispering Woods?
Door bangs open
Adora and Glimmer (gasp)
Bow enters room and (sighs)
Bow, I'm so glad we found you
We're here to break you out,
Shhhh
or fight your kidnappers We're not exactly sure what we're – uh...
What have they done to you? (cries)
We got your arrows Who are we fighting?
No one You guys shouldn't be here. You need to leave now, before –
door bangs open
Bow (gasps)
Adora (shouts)
Who's there? Who are these people?
Play along This is Adora and Glimmer, my friends from the academy. Adora, Glimmer, meet my dads.
Adora, Glimmer
Oh, we're so happy to finally meet Bow's school friends
Scene switches to the Fright Zone
I need you to beef up security Bring all reports directly to me. No one else. I want patrols doubled. And above all – (shouts)
Uh.. You were saying?
Yes, and report anything suspicious directly to me
You mean like the fact that Shadow Weaver's cell is empty?
I threw the prisoner into solitary last night Not that II need to explain myself to underlings.
Hey now Catra, Lonnie was trying to answer your
You have your orders Next person who questions me gets to see Shadow Weaver's cell up close. Move.
Rogelio (grumbles)
I said, move!
Catra –
door slams shut
scene switches to the Library
pleasant piano music plays
You want anything, you just tell me, and I'll get it You want snacks? I'll get you snacks.
Yes, so energetic Heh. You girls must love attending the Academy of Historic Enterprises with Bow.
Uhh.. Yes. Absolutely.
Yup Wouldn't change a thing. (chuckles) At the academy, that we all go to. (chuckles)
Oh, I bet you're here to see our collection of First Ones artifacts We got some new pottery shards. I – Oh, what was I doing?
Snacks
Oh, yes, yes, yes Snacks.
The pottery is really something Bow's older brother sent it.
Brother?
Oh, bow has an older brother? How nice
Youngest of 13, all historians just like us And just like Bow when he graduates and takes over the library. Right Bow?
Don't bother, Lance It looks like he's not very chatea today. (laughs)
Lance (groans)
Okay, thanks for the tea and the snacks, but I think my friends would really like –
A tour of the library Of course our Bow would find people who share his zest for history. Just wait till we show you the oldest part of our collection. A shard from an ancient, defunct runestone.
If it wasn't of historical value, that thing would be long gone No need to keep a reminder of the Princesses and their war here.
But.. uh... But the Horde started the war. The Princesses are fighting to save Etheria.
You're too young to remember the first failed Princess Alliance I'm not. I enlisted, fought for what I thought was right.
Dad, can we not –?
When I came home, there was nothing left of my village but ash I vowed then that my family would never get mixed up in fighting or the Princesses again.
Well, I know what will lighten the mood, baby pictures I've got some great ones from Bow's first bubble bath.
I'm gonna show Adora and Glimmer my room now!
I wanna see the bubble baths
Now! (groans)
Bow, what is going on?
My dad's don't know I'm a Rebellion fighter They think I'm at boarding school and I'm supposed to be on break right now.
So, this is why you never talked about your past? I thought it was because it was dark and painful for you, but your dads seem so nice and normal
Look, I love my dads, okay? I never mentioned them, because they decided when I was a little kid that I was gonna be the one to stay home and take over the library when they retire But I wanted to travel, to fight. So, I did the only thing I could. I secretly taught myself archery, ran away, and pretended I was at a madeup boarding school.
That seems really elaborate, Bow
You saw what they're like They don't listen to me. They just assume they know what I want. And if Lance knew I didn't want to be a historian... Worse, if George knew that I'm a Rebellion soldier fighting alongside Princesses, it'd kill them.
So, you're gonna lie to them forever?
Not forever Just for the foreseeable future. It's worked so far. Please? For me? Besides, my dads have the biggest collection of First Ones artifacts and writings in Etheria. This is the perfect place to look for answers about SheRa, the Mara message, Serenia, everything.
Sure, why not? We can be scholars How hard can it be?
This is gonna be a disaster
Well, maybe with that attitude it will be By the way, I may have said in my letters that Glimmer is a physics major, Adora's an art major, nobody is a Princess or has magical powers, and we all met freshmen year. Okay? Let's go.
Scene switches to the Fright Zone
Catra (groans)
Hey, Catra Listen, I've been looking for anything suspicious just like you said, but this is the Fright Zone, so, that's pretty much everything. (chuckles) I was hoping you could tell me what I'm supposed to be looking for?
If you spent more time following orders and less time questioning them, you wouldn't need me to Now get out. Go.
Okay, wildcat I really didn't wanna have to do this, but you leave me no choice.
What are you doing? (shouts)
Just let all your cares go You're safe. You're safe here.
Stop it Stop.
Shh shh You're safe here, okay?
Let go of me Are you crazy?
There's nothing we can't handle
I lost Shadow Weaver How are we supposed to handle that?
What?
ShShadow Weaver escaped I have to find her before Hordak learns the truth.
Well, you don't have to do this alone I'm here. And I bet Entrapta can whip up some sort of locator.
No Entrapta spends all her time with Hordak and is bad with secrets. The minute we tell Entrapta, she tells him, then it's all over for me.
Then we make sure that doesn't happen We'll find Shadow Weaver, the two of us, and not a word of it will leave this room.
Imp (giggles)
scene switches to the Library
This is the 1000year-old Colonia pitcher And this tablet dates back over two millenia. And this is where Bow played pretend as a little boy.
Let me guess, playing pirates?
Oh, no Bow doesn't like pirates. Playing historian, getting ready to take over the library even then. Right, Bow?
Right
Mr Bow's dad, sir, as First Ones historians, do you know anything about the lore of SheRa?
Ah.. Great question. Accurate translations are hard to come buy, but we think the name was actually, HerRa.
Well, that's not right
But you don't know that for sure, Adora (laughs uncomfortably)
She'd fight for the power of Geayskull
It's “For the Honor of Grayskull”
And rode on a dragon
Wait, she got a dragon? I wish I had a – (mumbles)
Bow (laughs)
Anyway, uh, where was I?
Princess nonsense (opens veil revealing a runestone shard)
The runestone shard It's the oldest First Ones object in our collection. But enough about us. Tell us about your studies, Adora and Glimmer.
Uh, you know, the physics are good
The history is also good
Uh.. I thought you were and art major?
Uh, she's a double major
Uh, yes History, art, art history, that's three. I'm a triple major. And I also teach, unless that's not a thing students do. Is it hot in here? I mean...
It's really great to finally meet you, Glimmer Gotta be honest, we thought Bow was making you up.
Really?
You know how Bow is, shy, quiet, not so many friends From his letters it sounds like you really brought him out of his shell.
Uh, yeah I guess I did.
So, for school, heh, we got this First Ones puzzle to solve But the last word is giving us trouble. Have you ever heard of Serenia?
Ooh! (dumps a pile of scrolls and books) Serenia was the name of a mythical First Ones hero
Although some of us think she was a real person
Ummhmm Some of us also think the Elberon vase dates back only one millennia.
Is theis everything you have on Serenia?
Oh, no I'm so sorry. Ha, ha. Everything from the first floor. There's lots more on the second.
Uhh, this is gonna take hours
Hours, days, maybe weeks And if you're really lucky, it might take you a whole lifetime.
Uh You're so corny.
Well, this one's just about aqueducts, so, it's mislabeled
Wait, you can read First Ones writing?
Uh, I also study linguistics It's a fifth major or fourth major.  I'm losing count.
What does this say?
Uh, it says, “lunch”
Oh, no I thought it said love.
You thought it said..? (laughs) I like this girl! (laughs) Actually, there's one more debate you can settle for us, Adora.
I dunno Maybe I should help with the, uh, school project. But I guess it couldn't hurt.
Great Onward, best research squad.
Time passes
We're still getting nowhere What does a mythological First Ones hero have to do with Mara? Hey, Glimmer, what's up?
What's up with you? You have a secret family, and you're supposed to be a historian, and you apparently hate pirates, and you never told me about any of this (cries) I feel like I don't know you at all.
Glimmer, you know everything about me, the real me I act lie someone I'm not with my family because the truth would hurt them.
And it's making you miserable Bow, your dads love you. I'm sure they'll love the real you, too.
You don't know that They've had a plan for me since I was a baby. But the truth is, I'm nothing like the rest of my family. I've tried to tell them, but they don't want to hear it. So, I pretend.
Scene switches to a different part of the Library
This was found in the same dig site as the runestone shard Thing is, we can't agree on what it is. So, what's it say?
Oh, this one's easy This is a password to open it. It's says, “Eternia”.
Elemental (powers up)
all (gasp)
Ooh, ooh It's working! It's – it's...
A monster
Elemental (roars)
all (shout)
Bow and Glimmer (gasp) elemental (crashes)
It's an elemental This'll be a piece of cake.
Adora, wait!
For the honor of Grayskull!
Adora transforms into SheRa
George and Lance (gasp, shout)
Adora is a sixth major in SheRa?
Elemental (crashes)
Don't worry, I got this Ha, ha. (shouts)
Hey, leave her alone (teleports on top of the elemental, begins blasting it with sparkles while shouting)
Hold on, Glimmer I'm coming. (Sword of Protection transforms into a shield, SheRa hurls it)
They really get into their studies (laughs)
elemental (roars, crashes)
Bow, are your friends Princesses?
You are going to tell us what is happening right now, young man, or –
Now we have to act before the Elemental turns on us
You know what that is?
We've run into them before They only attack when they're trying to protect something. So, what is it trying to protect?
You've run into them before? Who are you?
Elemental (roars, crashes)
Glimmer and SheRa (shout)
It was found alongside the runestone shard Could it be that?
Dad, you're a genius I promise I'll explain everything, but right now you have to trust me.
Bow? Bow! Bow, you get back here (gasp)
Never mind Stay away! Stay away!
Glimmer
Got it (teleports to George and Lance)
Lance (screams) George (shouts) Glimmer (teleports George and Lance)
It's been really nice meeting you (teleports)
all (shouting)
Cant' reach
Bow!
Got it
Arrow strikes the Elemental
Huh?
Whoa!
Bow!
Elemental (roars)
Huh?
Elemental takes runestone shard, powers down to safemode
That's my Bow
What is going on?
SheRa transforms into Adora
I.. I lied to you. There is not Academy of Historic Enterprises. I've been living at Bright Moon, fighting in the Rebellion alongside Adora and Princess Glimmer.
But.. why?
I don't wanna be a historian I've never wanted to be a historian. I'm not a shy bookworm. I'm not a genius like you two. I make things. I'm a soldier. This is who I am. And I can't lie about it anymore, even though I know I'm breaking your hearts.
What's breaking our hearts is the fact that you thought you had to lie about who you are
You're not mad? But I'm a fighter, and you hate fighters
I could never hate you Never. If you feel like you belong in the Rebellion, that's where you belong.
Oh, Bow, why didn't you just tell us?
I tried, but you didn't listen You only listened to me if I said what you wanted to hear.
We had no idea you felt that way We, we were just trying to encourage you to pursue your dreams. We thought we were being supportive when we really were being terrible. (weeps)
We love you the way you are, Bow And, we're proud of you, no matter what path you take in life.
Glimmer (sobs)
This is a family hug, Princesses You're Bow's family, too.
Time passes
On one of our missions, we received a message from an unknown source If we knew what Serenia meant, I think we could figure out the rest.
“Serenia, portal, Mara” Okay But what are these other words?
I don't know It's too degraded to read.
Wait a second Lance, what does this pattern look like?
Oh, I think you're right
What is it?
Look at it, Bow Really look at it. What do you see?
These aren't words at all, are they?
Oh, now you've got it George, get the projector.
The world of the First Ones was different from ours Climate, language, even the sky was different, filled with cosmic formations they called...
Stars!
The First Ones used them to navigate and named constellations after mythical heroes, including Serenia
The constellation Serenia would only appear in summer and only over one place
The Crimson Waste
Then that's were we have to go
What? You can't go just into the Crimson Waste It's a noman's-land, a giant lifeless desert. On one's ever made it that far and come back alive.
Promise me you kids will stay away
Scene switches to Hordak's sanctum
You wanted to speak with me, Lord Hordak?
Yes, Force Captain I wish to touch base, as you put it. See hoe my orders are being carried out.
Everything is running smoothly
Does this mean Shadow Weaver has been transferred to Beast Island per my orders?
Yes I sent her yesterday, just like you ordered. Believe me, we're never going to see her again.
I lost Shadow Weaver! Shadow Weaver escaped I have to find her before Hordak learns the truth.
Imp (giggles)
You lied to me
Wait
Machine powers up
Catra (gasps)
I know your lax security allowed Shadow Weaver to escape I know you've been covering it up, lying about her whereabouts. But worst of all, I gave you the chance to come clean, to prove your worth to me, to the Horde. This was a test. And you failed.
Catra (chokes)
scene switches to Adora's room
Shadow Weaver appears
end credits roll
Ooh, okay We need to find a way to reclaim the Hordeoccupied fortress for The Rebellion. So how are we gonna do this?
I'll teleport ahead to scout out a path through their defenses
And I'll quietly shoot the closest turrets with my trickarrows
You'll have the advantage in a sneakattack ...Go!
Yes! And now
He's..dead...
Oh, what?!  Tiny Bow, you will be avenged!
That clearly isn't going to work Let's try this again.
I shouldn't be dead That turret came out of nowhere...
That's because you to be prepared for anything
The pass is the only way in or out of this region According to the reports, the Horde seized it while we were busy defending Bright Moon,  so it's crucial that we get it back.
Why does that mean I have to these for you
Look, our plans always fall apart   It would be impressive if it wasn't terrifying.
We have gotten  good at improvising, though
If we're gonna pull this off, we need to come up with a plan that won't fall apart,  and a plan that takes into account everything the Horde could possibly throw at us,  surprise attacks
Okay, but you're breaking Tiny Bow's heart  I mean, look at his face!
He's smiling
Through his
Guys, this pass is important The Horde is not going to give it up without a fight. It's obviously going to be guarded by their very best and brightest...
Move those big weapony things!  Flap those banners! Uh--keep doing whatever it is you're doing, guy I'm pointing at! Now do a different thing! And look sharp, Force Captain's orders!
Catra left me in charge . Can you believe it?!
Uh, no I really can't.
Ah, me neither  She must really trust me...  I can't let her down.  Kyle! Man the parapets!
I don't know what those are
Then
"Scorpia, you're in charge of the fortress," she said "Even . She's thinking about me!  Ah...  Should I get her a 'Thank You' gift? What's her favorite color?  KYLE, what are you doing?!
Uh, you saidI--
Go find out Catra's favorite color!
Hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey-you guys know Catra W-what would she like? I need it to be something that says... 'Thank you', but also----'We are soulmates tied together by the beautiful threads of fate...'
We should spend less time talking about Catra, and more time talking about the
The reason we're here!
Okay, you don't need to remind me My wildcat is  on me, and I won't  let her down.  For Catra, I will defend this pass with my very life!
Wrong pass
Yes,  is the pass I will defend with my very life No reason to worry at all.
Clearly, that last plan won't work So maybe, if we try sneaking past the turrets from a  side
You're going about this all !
[scene transition to Glimmer's view of how the plan should go
I backflip, front-flip, back-flip a teleport, poof! THEN, I take out a super-bot, and it EXPLODES!
Tiny Bow! Nooooo!
Glimmer, we need to come up with a plan based on reality
Yes, and in that moment, I  would land on Bow
Hmm Using a limited number of teleports isn't a bad idea... So, Glimmer will take Bow
..Why are you playing with dolls?
We're not playing with dolls!
Yeah! They're wartable battle figures--a-and I don't know if I have one for you Hold on.
Wait a minute Aren't you supposed to be on watch?
Oh, look, the fortress is still there, like it was an  ago Watch complete.
Relax, I switched with Perfuma
We're still coming up with a plan
Am I in the plan?
We're to
I don't have you,  I do have a seashell and a happy otter?
Uhhh, googly eyes?  ..Pass.
Wha?!
Can we  get back to
be SheRa
You can't be SheRa  She-Ra.
Not anymore Ya snooze, ya lose
Uh, , rude much?
Alert Force Captain Scorpia We've got a princess problem.
I admit, I got a little carried away But the rest of my plan could work.
Catra She's been behind every Horde plan, she led the attack on Bright Moon, she's devious
And  already thought of that
Oops, sorry Bow
Ugh! What are you doing here?
Mermista said you were playing a battle game We wanna join!
We are in the middle of a very serious planning session
We have lots of ideas for plans!
Aren't you on watch right now?!
Okay, but only if you guys are serious about the
I'm sitting next to Glimmer!
What does that flytrap eat?
I have amazing ideas, starting with we PUNCH them!
Anyone else hungry? I am hungry]
Spy Bot, the mission is simple, I need you to spy on the princesses so I can stop them, and impress Catra much she'll finally admit we're best friends, or at the very least, we have a bond that can never be broken You got that?
Uh, it's not turned on, and, um, that's not how it works
Good, good! Yeah, was just testing you on whether you knew how to dothat, and..you passed, so...kudos.
Now, let's go spy!
Aww, aren't you the cutest little fella! Look at you with your little legs and your antenna You're just about the cutest thing I've ever-Spying. Yes. That is the thing...that we are. Doing.
Second test..
Do you want me to drive the Spy Bot?
Yes, please
Okay, everyone has a figure, except Perfuma who's using her plant, and Mermista who has.. for some reason.
Says the guy with a bag of dolls
They're wartable battle figures!
Okay, so I'm thinking
Hold on  So far I have been shot, eaten, and squashed. We're doing plan. And there will be no death, no dying, just heroic good times.
No, but II ran out of figures and only have this left, so she can now  ...Also, the Horde has dragons because I did make enough robots.
Oh, come on!
She would obviously  You can't underestimate Catra or the Horde. ...Now, I think we can exploit a weakness in the wall
Is it my turn?
This isn't a
I use my magic to grow a Plant Golem to take down the tower!
If it's made out of plants, how does it roar?
It's plant magic!
Perfuma, we're not just making up whatever we want
Plus, your idea is dumb
And what would  do?
Uh, I step forward and I say
[Scene transition to Mermista's view of the plan
Then it's like sparkle, sparkle, dolphin, sparkle
Mermista..
I get shoes that are slightly better than my normal shoes, there's probably another dolphin..
Mermista!
Then, like, I twirl and my hair does this thing  where it looks all messy, but it's actually, like, really superbeautiful..
You can't transform into SheRa!
Uh, duh, I'm SeaRa Princess of the Oceans, obviously.
No, ii-if-if  get to have a Plant Golem
The Winter's Bane needs  help from a plant..
The what?!
the
What's that pink blob next to her?
Glimmer
What?!
We're getting so far from the real plan Can we please ?!
Yeah Focus on how I'm  a sidekick!
We've got visual Turning on the audio.
KAPOW!
I can't believe it..
Me either
They're gonna give us frostbite, then attack us with a Plant Golem, and a woman named SeaRa?!  And Bow's got a Trident of Power?! Who knows what that does! Oh, we're doomed!
Ugh, they're obviously just coming up with ideas  ideas!
We cannot risk it
Get in closer!
Hey! Get off of me!
Maybe we should throw Bow over the wall..
Maybe we should throw  over the wall!
There goes taking this seriously! ]
Nooo! Kyle, go grab one of the other Spy Bots you packed!
Mmhmm, mm-hmm Was that my job?
Really, Kyle? I don't know how you haven't been fired
Kyle!
]
And run out of teleports
The Horde will set it on fire
The ice armor cracks as soon as you hit stone
There is no SeaRa, and you guys aren't taking Catra into account!
Oh, sure we are, see?
No, no, she's more like
What a
None of this is right!
We've been here for   It's time we attack!
The Horde will counter whatever we throw at them We're gonna go again, and we're not gonna leave until we have a  plan.
..Adora, isn't this all going a little overboard? I mean, we've faced the Horde before. What's the worst that could happen?
You wanna know the worst that could happen? Fine I'm the heaviest hitter, so Catra will separate me right away. Trap me, take my sword, do . She knows everything about me, exactly what I'll do, exactly how to take me out.  They'll overwhelm Frosta and Mermista with bots , they'll fire on Perfuma  and use her to draw Bow out into the open, pinning him down between the bots and the Horde soldiers. Glimmer will teleport in to save him, but she won't have enough magic left to get out, trapping them both.  Catra will make me watch all of it before she finishes me off, and then everyone is gone, and the Horde wins the war, and Etheria crumbles, and it's all my fault!
The Horde nearly destroyed Etheria We were barely able to stop it. If this plan isn't perfect... if not perfect...everyone will
Adora..I was captured by Shadow Weaver, taken to the Fright Zone,  lost my powers.
Glimmer, not helping..
But you know what? We escaped I fought that your friends have your back for the rest.
You've got this Adora
I cast friendship and support on my next turn
Here  This is my Trident of Power. I want you to have it, especially since Bow is making me a new one.
I didn't agree to that!
You will
The Winter's Bane stands with you! Alsome--Frosta--stands with you--I--can't tell if we're still in character, or not..
Thank you
So..What do we do now?
we improvise  ...For the Honor of Grayskull!
Let's go
We've added more bots to the tower's weak points Kyle is...hiding somewhere, and Rogelio is commanding the extra turrets.
AAnd if there are plant monsters or warriors in ice armor or Sea-Ra--
For the last time, none of that stuff was real  We've reinforced our defenses. We got this.
Okay Good. Thanks, Lonnie. ...Who's Rogelio?
Rogelio.. The lizard guy...
, right  Yeah, I wondered what his deal was...
No..No, it can't be!
For the SheRa!
Ff-fire!
Yay, Frosta!
This is..colder than I thought it would be.  But not a problem.  Snow...strike!
Thanks, Mermista
You mean SeaRa, Princess of the Oceans!
Charge!
I am SeaRa!
Plant magic!
The Winter's Bane!
It's over, Catra You've lost.
Catra's not here But I'm happy to take you down for her.
Whoo! Yeah, gotcha!
Bow!
Catra's really not here? ..And she left you in charge?
Yes! Why do people keep acting surprised about that?
Bup, bup, bup! You stay where you are Or we'll find out if Sparkles here has enough  to land on her feet.  Like I was saying, Catra trusts-OW! Hey!  You don't hit the person dangling you over the edge! Stop!
Glimmer? Are you okay?
How's that for improvising?  Also, it's your turn now because I'm completely out of magic
Catra trusts!  Catra--! Catra trusts--huh?!   Okay, ? How many of you are there?  Ohhh ...Too many. ...Whoa!
That Was. Awesome!
Good planning session
Thanks, guys
All in favor of blaming this on Kyle?
Oh, yeah
Yep Yeah, that's unanimous. ]
Oh, man
You won't find anything; I came alone I hear Horde Prime's been looking for me. Figured it was time we met.
Yes You will be brought before Prime. And there you will receive your judgement.
Spacesuit testing officially a success All suits stood up to ship's velocity  with zero loss of life.
Wait, what? That was a possibility?
We're in
Good Be quick, and don't get caught.
Okay, everyone, sound off I'm heading to Horde Prime's holding cell to get Catra.
And Entrapta and I are going to hack into the ship's server and download any intel about Prime's weak points
Look for a room with a lot of glowing tech in it I remember them taking me past it whenwhen they took me to... That has to be the server.
Then our access point! Although, as long as we're here, you wouldn't mind if I just took a few readings-okay To the server room!
Okay, uheveryone, just be careful
You will go alone
Prime
Welcome..Adora.
What?
Maybe Just...
Yeah
Still no sign of the server room..  This place is so big...and empty.  Where are the vents? How does anyone get around in this place?
Call you right back, gotta go
That must be the server room
Uh..Hello. Would you believe that we're the... inspectors?
Forgive my unseemly state It is a tedious task,  but a necessary one to maintain this vessel.
The Heart of Etheria And if you don't do what I say, then I'll use it...and destroy you and your empire for good.
Is..is something funny?
You are not going to use the weapon, or you would have already  so You would never risk the safety of your Catra.
You don't know me And you  know what I'm capable of.
Oh..but I .
I am old, far older than you can imagine My brothers lend me their life force, and when  one vessel fails me, I simply elect another.  Thus, Prime has reigned eternal through the centuries. There is something so......familiar about you, Adora.  A face I have not seen in a thousand years.  Not since I faced your ancestors, and crushed their oncemighty empire beneath my heel. You call them the First Ones. And you are one of them,  are you not, Adora?
Whoa!
Oh, come on, baby, come on!
Hordak?
Entrapta, no! What are you doing?!
Hordak..  That's you, isn't it? I...brought it for you.  I thought you might need it, do you recognize it?  Do you....recognize ?
You are trespassing, Prime shall hear of this, and his punishment shall be merciless, for Prime sees all
No, no!  Stay in there!
Well that's  not Hordak, so we can cross that one off our list
I wasn't aware that we had a !
Where..am I? I cannot connect to the hivemind. I am...alone?  I am alone...
Uhoh.. We broke him.
Horde Prime How will he see my thoughts? How will he know that I am faithful?
It's all right We'll, uh...we'll tell him.  Ookay, buddy?
You..you will tell him?
Uh..sure?
You..know Horde Prime?
Please..let me accompany you and prove myself worthy to Horde Prime.
No, that'sthat's really okay, uh--
Can you open this door?
We're  keeping him
But we ..
Can you..take us to the server room?
I would be honored to serve one who is a beloved of Horde Prime
All right, then, Wrong Hordak Lead the way.
Or..point and...I'll just keep dragging you. That's fine, too.
Guys, I found the cell, but..Catra's not here. What do we do?
Bow? Entrapta? ..Adora?!
I thought the First Ones were all gone, but clearly..some faction remains. That race of tyrants...abandoned you on a forgotten planet in a shadow dimension. They made you their weapon, their...SheRa.
where is Catra?
Catra? Where are you?
Of course Your Catra. She hoped you would come for her...poor thing. So all I had to was wait. As she would've said, "You are so  predictable."  ...Come here, child.
Hello, Adora
Come on, Wrong Hordak Any clue where the server room is yet?
Forgive me, brother The ship is designed so that it may only be navigated by one who has access to the hivemind. ...And I have been cut-off...
There's something in here! A  to be it!
Adora, we found it!  Adora..?
What did you do to her?!
I have made her anew I saw her mind......so ensnared in grief and rage and pain...and I brought her to the light. Isn't that right... little sister?
Catra, you have to fight it!
My place is with Horde Prime, Adora I don't want to leave.
Tell her what I've done for you
Prime has given me peace Something you could never do.  You broke my heart. But he has made it whole again. Don't you see? This is for the best. I'm happy here.  You could be happy, too.
Let her go
Shall we make a deal, Adora?  I will give her to you, if..you want her... But first, you must do something for me. You...will give me SheRa.
Never
Very well
You miscalculated  I see all. I know all.  You thought yourself worthy to challenge me...but you are nothing but a false hero, the last of the First Ones to fall at my hands. You have led your friends to destruction.
Go on, fulfill your purposeBring out SheRa, and strike me down.
Ah.. but you two must have a lot of catching up to do. I will leave you to it. Let me know when you're ready to make a deal.
Hey Remember me?
Catra, listen to me I know you're still in there.  I'm not leaving without you.
It's gonna be okay
Everything is already okay We are with Prime now. There is no need for you to suffer,  Adora. Come into the light with me.
Snap out of it, Catra I don't want to hurt you...
..But you have already hurt me. Prime has set me free of that pain. The pain that  caused.  He will set us all free...forever. A world of peace, without end.
Catra!
Oh, Adora.. How long will you drag this out? You will destroy the ones you love in the process.
Horde Prime's server is infinitely more complex than anything I've ever encountered  It's like a neural network, branching off in every possible direction in a threedimensional configuration.
What does that mean?
It means it's gonna take a  longer to decipher than I thought!
We have to get out of here!  Whoa!
Brothers, why do you attack? We serve Horde Prime's will
Enemies of Horde Prime will know the terror of his
I always hated that guy in particular And also, all the other guys I hit on the way in.
Glimmer!
We  out of here!
But I haven't  yet!
There's no time We might not be able to hack him,  but we can still make him .
Let's go!
She was afraid, in the end And she suffered. Perhaps I will make her my  vessel...though, she would not last me long. What do you think... Adora?
I am  giving up on you, Catra!
Then you're a fool You cannot stop Horde Prime.  He will reign triumphant over all the universe. It is...destiny
No!
Adora..you should have stayed away. Why did you come back? We both  I don't matter...
You matter to
Come on, Catra! You've never listened to anyone in your life! Are you  going to start now?!
You're  an idiot..
Yeah..I know...
I'm going to take you home
..Promise?
I promise!
..Adora...
Disappointing Some creatures are destined only for destruction.
No!
..Catra?  ? It's okay...I'm here.
I am sorry for the needless waste, Adora It did not have to be like this. Are you ready to cooperate?
..For the honor...of...GRAYSKULL!
What do we do?
I've got an idea, but you have to promise that you won't be mad that I  maybe, possibly,  100 percent disregarded all those times you told me not to tinker with the ship
Entrapta, if you get us out of here, you can tinker with the ship as  as you want!
Great! Hey, Darla!
Good girl!
We need to find Adora and get out of here, !
SheRa..
She's back..
Hey, Darla Get us out of here.
And Darla?  Make it quick
Come on, Catra You're not done...not yet.  We're going home.
Hey, Adora..
..En...trapta?
I am not cute!
The madder you get the cuter you are
Scene opens in Hordak's Sanctum
Finally (He clenches his fist, bending the wrench he's holding.)
(Hisses) Useless
(Laughs)
(In Hordak's voice) Useless
Scene ends
Intro plays
Scene opens in the Whispering Woods
I still can't believe Entrapta's working for the Horde Shadow Weaver messed with her mind. She must have. Right?
I don't know She seemed normal when we talked to her. Entraptanormal, but still, she  to be with the Horde. They do have better tech than us. But we have magic on our side.
Magic and tech aren't totally separate things Entrapta is one of the only people who really understands that. She got closer to combining them than anyone else. And...now she's with the Horde.
Well, who needs Entrapta? You've got Bow, tech master and premier member of the Etherian Maker Community
Ah (Clears throat) Yeah, uh, meant to do that.
Ahoy! Ha ha, be there in a sec
Comrades! I spotted buildings ahead, the outpost is close
Entrapta made her decision We can't change that. But we can focus on our mission and help all our people. We lost all contact with the farming outpost of Alwyn a week ago. The Horde hasn't been reported in the area, but we can't be too careful.
(Scoffs) They're definitely involved They always are.
We can handle the Horde I don't care if they do have Entrapta's inventions, they're no match for us! We'll handle this the way we always do.
Brute Strength?
Almost dying?
No—and no! By sticking together, and never giving up
Yeah! Best Friend Quad to the rescue!
Because there's four of us?
Okay, taking that one off the list
Scene ends
Scene opens in the Fright Zone
(Scatting to herself)
Hm
Emily, hand me a six sided hex driver
You're right, Emily, how can we possibly work like this?
Scene ends
Scene opens in the Fright Zone
Uh, hello? Lord Hordak?
State your purpose, Force Captain Catra
Lord Hordak, I just thought we should, uh, you know, touch base, like you used to with Shadow Weaver Figured we could establish a daily checkin—
So, I'm to understand you've disturbed me for no reason
Uh, not for no reason We need to plan our next move against the Rebellion. The Horde's in a better spot than ever—
Was squandering our advantage while the Whispering Woods regrew part of your plan?
Was letting yourself get captured? Etheria's atmosphere has proven to be a complicating variable in my experiments
I—(coughing)
I just removed that variable Tell me, Force Captain, how is your breathing?
Pathetic Just like everything on this backwards planet. Do you know what the definition of failure is, Force Captain?
Failure is when something ceases to serve a purpose When that happens, it becomes worthless to me. Thus far, your performance has been lacking.
I haven't failed yet No one knows how to take the princesses down better than me. Trust me, and let me do that.
You say you can defeat the Rebellion?
Prove it You are dismissed.
(In Hordak's voice) Pathetic Pathetic. Pathetic.
Scene ends
Scene opens in the Whispering Woods
Uh, hello? I thought you should know, I'm sensing something weird the closer we get to the outpost
Weird? Like what?
I can't describe it, just..weird. What is this place?
Alwyn is the Rebellion's biggest supplier of—uh, well, supplies It's basically one big orchard. One big, happy—incredibly creepy orchard.
(With mouth full) What? Creepy apples taste as good as normal apples
The outpost must be up ahead
I don't see any Horde soldiers I actually don't see anyone. Where are they?
Maybe they're all inside?
Let me take a look I've upgraded my tracker pad to detect Horde signals. If they're here, we'll find them with this.
Oh, man I must've broken something during the upgrade. Not to worry, I can fix this.
I don't know how to fix this
It's okay! Whatever's going on here, we'll solve it Nothing gets past us!
Even if people used to tell stories about Alwyn being haunted
Haunted? Like with ghosts?
(Scoffs) It's just stories And even if it wasn't, we'd handle them. No reason to be scared.
Huh Well, Shadow Weaver used to tell me about ghosts when I was a kid in the Horde. Like the story of the Weeping Princess, a vengeful spirit who roams Etheria looking for victims. You know she's coming for you by the sound of weeping right before she strikes.
(Shouts) What was that?
What?
I'm not sure, I thought I heard someone A voice.
(Gasps) The Weeping Princess?
No Someone's here, I'm sure of it. We have to find them.
Scene Ends
Scene opens in the Fright Zone
Third Battalion is closest If they move on Erlandia, the Rebellion will have to answer.
(Stuttering) Uh, yeah, small problem? Um, the Third Battalion is refusing to fight because they don't have armor They've put in...where is it...um, six requests for resupply. Didn't you see these?
I've been a little busy, you know, almost toppling Bright Moon and coming closer than anyone ever has to conquering the planet for the Horde? Not that anyone seems to care
I care
Fine Give them the armor.
Ah Okay, um...boy, I'd sure like to do that, uh...but the armory is out of armor.
So have them make more
Okay, just gotta find that file
[Scorpia fumbles with the files she's holding, dropping several of them
They're just, they're so slidey, and slippery
How am I supposed to defeat the Rebellion when all I do is this stupid busy work? I bet Shadow Weaver didn't have to deal with any of this
Uh, these are her files, so, she probably did? Just saying, that's—that's a guess on my part
Hi
You're not a prisoner anymore You don't have to sneak around.
The ducts are faster, and I don't have time to waste I need a sixsided hex driver right now.
I'm the one who doesn't have time to waste Aren't you some kind of genius? Make do with what you have.
(Groans) Of course I could, but it's the principle Always use the proper tool for the job. If you can't help me, it's fine, I saw one in Hordak's lab.
I know you're new to the Fright Zone, and possibly to being around people in general, but Hordak isn't somebody to mess with Under no circumstances will you go anywhere near Hordak's sanctum.
Ooh He calls his lab a sanctum. Oh, that is so classy!
Focus! I need you to promise that you will stay away from Hordak Promise!
Okay, okay! I promise
Catra! (Laughs) Here it is! Oh, okay, so the armory can't make more armor because they are..out of irid—doiridul-lum? Irideli—the point is, they're out of the shiny stuff they need to make armor.
(Sighs) So where do we get more?
Oh, uh, I don't have a file for that
I'll handle it myself But keep and eye on Entrapta, and make sure she doesn't go anywhere near Hordak.
Got it, boss I won't let her out of my sight. Now, you didn't happen to see which way she went, did you?
You know what? I'll figure it out I'll figure it out. (Laughs)
Scene Ends
Scene opens on the outskirts of Alwyn
Bow, Glimmer, Adora, and Swift wind wander into the village, looking in different directions, wary
Hello?
Ahh! Uh, uh, I mean  . . whooo did that? Bowman, tch, you gotta pull yourself together!
They approach a dark cottage, and Bow opens the door a few inches, eliciting an ominous creak
I’ll wait out here in case anyone tries to sneak up on you Also, this door is too small for horses, which is rude.
Okay On three. One, two, THREE!!
She teleports within as Bow and Adora ready their weapons, and burst through the door  . . to find an empty interior of a oneroom shack, with a dining table laden with food. They look at each other wonderingly. Adora sheathes her sword and approaches the table, feeling with her hand over the food.
The food is cold Whoever lives here left in a hurry, but it was . . . a while ago.
There’s no sign of the Horde There’s no sign of a struggle at all. They just . . . left.
This is just like the story of the Headless Princess  She stalks the night, pulling people out of their beds, leaving nothing but bloody footprints!
They all look at the floor, then sigh in relief at the bare ground
Whaddya find!!!
Adora and Bow scream as Adora throws her arms wide in front of Bow and Glimmer jumps onto her neck Bow is knocked over as Adora adopts a fighting stance, looking all around, with Glimmer hanging from her neck.
Sorry I . . . don’t like being out here by myself.
We should check out the other buildings
They carefully walk in the darkness, stepping over large roots, looking through the slats of boarded windows Bow suddenly calls out.
Hey, Guys!
Adora reacts, drawing her sword with one hand, and collaring Glimmer against her protectively with the other They relax again as Glimmer catches her breath.
Sorry What did you say?
Bow points toward a tall narrow pyramid
Does that look familiar to you
I’m not sure Maybe it’s . . .
A crashing sound interrupts her musing, and they all scream Bow and Glimmer strike warrior stances in multiple directions. Glimmer simply disappears. After a moment, they realize that it is a window shutter slamming in the wind.
Huh  . . Uhhhhh, Glimmer?
Glimmer reappears in a small shower of pink sparkles
I’m so sorry I have no idea why I did that.
Ah, this place is
Undead princess? The Horde really had a theme, huh?
Oh  . . You’re  Wow. I can’t believe I’m just realizing this now.
Weird or not, we have a mission Something happened here that forced these people to flee their  to get to the bottom of this.
As they walk onward, a strange ghostly form passes unnoticed behind them
Scene Ends
Scene opens in the Fright Zone
Entrapta and Emily stand outside of Hordak’s inner sanctum
Ethical dilemma number  . . ahhhhhhhhhhh . . . sixtythree. I told Catra I wouldn’t .
Suddenly, she is within Hordak’s lair, hiding behind equipment, observing him beside his work table with his back to her She eyes the table.
A sixsided hex driver!
She peers over the side of the table and starts to reach with her hair, but she is distracted by the fascinating glowing and sparking orb that hovers between two emitters
This is !!
Emily pushes her back down again The orb fizzes, then goes out, as the energies dissipate.
Ohhh  . .
Hordak screams in frustration and pounds the table by Entrapta, sweeping equipment and tools to the floor He exits the room with his Imp following.
Well, there’s no reason to get huffy because an experiment fails Failure is a vital part of scientific endeavor.
She goes to the table and grabs the hex driver, continuing her conversation with Emily
What if I have given up on you after the first explosion? Or the !!!
Scene Ends
Scene opens in the abandoned village of Alwyn
Bow and Glimmer press their faces against a window to gaze within Glimmer sees the reflection of a ghostly form in the window. But when she turns around she sees nothing.
Huh? Hmmm
Adora and Swift Wind round the building to join them
It’s totally abandoned
Suddenly a highpitched screeching causes Adora to cover her ears and cringe with Swift Wind
Do you guys hear that?
Yes! Finally! I told you It’s a weird sound.
It’s like something  . . someone is !
I don’t hear anything It’s probably just the wind.
The sound repeats, and everyone looks uncomfortably on edge
Okay I’m hearing something, too.
They look around, and one of the bright, ghostly forms moves past Bow and Glimmer clutch hold of each other. Adora points.
There! Something’s there!  For the Honor of Grayskull!
Becoming SheRa, she leaps into the forest after the strange figure Glimmer and Bow look at each other for a few seconds, then run after her.
Wait!
Adora!
Scene Ends
Scene opens in the Fright Zone
In Hordak’s Inner Sanctum, Entrapta is rapidly and efficiently adjusting connections and wiring on Hordak’s machine, welding with her mask down Hordak approaches her from behind and grunts. As she reaches for the hex driver, Hordak’s shadow falls over her. She begins speaking before she turns to see who it is.
Hello You’re blocking my light. If you could just step aside . . .
Get! OUT!!!
Well, just a sec I’m almost finished.
To Hordak’s shock, she continues her work with Emily a little longer, then stands up
Okay All done. Byyyee!
Hordak scowls as she begins to walk away
There will be dire consequences for this  breach of conduct
Emily is pushing Entrapta out the door, as she quickly explains to him
You were using uninsulated cables I, uh, replaced themf or you. Try it again. It should hold the charge, now.
The doors close behind her, and Hordak looks stunned and bemused Curiously, he approaches the machinery and throws the master lever. At first nothing happens, and he frowns, turning to walk away. But then, the machine activates, and the glowing orb forms, holding smoothly and stably with a constant luminosity.
She was  . . right.
Of course I was right!
She stands admiring the glowing orb
It’s ! It’s a power source, isn’t it? What are you building that needs so much power?
Hordak struggles for a reply, but she is already across the room, studying the displays
I recognize these formulas You’re experimenting with ? But that’s . . . I mean, I’m familiar with the concept, but multidimensional gates are purely theoretical. No one’s every come close to actually achieving one. Right?
Obviously, someone from a backwater planet such as yours couldn’t possibly comprehend it
Hey! All right I’m the one who got your power source working, so . . . !!
Portals aren’t theoretical They’re real. And  one.
You !
You think too small Unsurprising. You can’t begin to understand the potential a device of this nature will possess.
Wait! If Etheria is a backwater planet, does that mean there are others?
Of course There are countless galaxies filled with countless other worlds. Etheria is the only planet I’ve ever encountered that does not seem to understand that.
Other planets? And you’ve  . .  there?
Hordak only smiles
Scene Ends
Scene opens in Shadow Weaver's cell
Elsewhere in the Fright Zone, Shadow Weaver languishes miserably in electronic chains Her cell force field flickers off, and Catra stalks in, throwing file folders at Shadow Weavers feet.
I’ve contacted every mine under Horde control, but none of them have the material to make more armor, and without the armor, I can’t attack Erlandia You’re trying to sabotage me!! Where’s the missing file?!!
The material you seek comes from the  Right her in the Fright Zone
Fine
Being me isn’t quite what you imagined, is it? I suppose you thought Hordak would let you  . . run things now.
He does I can do what I want.
But he’ll never trust you with his  plans Don’t take it personally. He never did with me, either.
I don’t know what you’re talking about Maybe Hordak didn’t trust you, but he trusts  plenty.
For a moment, they share wordless looks Then Catra walks out and punches the control to activate the electronic forcefield of the cell. Shadow weaver hangs her head.
Scene Ends
Scene opens in the woods near Alwyn
SheRa walks carefully through the woods, looking for signs of the presence she was following She hears a strange moaning voice and follows. Glimmer and Bow run up behind, and Bow trips on a root.
Ooahh!
They look suspiciously back at the root, but it looks normal SheRa helps him up.
The light came from around hear
A strange laughter echoes, and they look all around them Suddenly Bow sees a column of light nearby.
There! It’s over  . .!
The light becomes a large humanoid figure, very close! They scream, and SheRa leaps forward, eyes closed, swinging blindly at thin air It’s gone. She opens her eyes.
Where’d it go? Did I get it?
Glimmer No!  RUN!!!
They turn and flee, but there path is quickly blocked by two other figures, waving at them
Ahhh! Run the other way!!
They do, but again a couple of figures block their path They halt behind some bushes, and the figures are all around them.
SheRa, do something!
Like ! This is like what  . .
at this!
And I can’t replace  work!
I’m still hearing stuff coming from the big stone pointy thing!
From the pointy  . .  Hold on.
He begins to walk towards the apparitions
What are you doing?! Bow!
Glimmer teleports to him, grabs him, and teleports away to a safer distance SheRa, leaps out and swings her sword downward through the glowing form, striking the ground with a mighty impact, and causing previously unseen circuitry in the ground to light up.
Of course This place. It’s a First One’s ruin. And these aren’t ghosts. They’re !
I’m pretty sure holograms can’t walk around on their  like this
But, look at them Really look at them.
No thanks! I’m good!
It’s  . . it’s like a recording.
Bow releases himself from Glimmer’s grasp and walks up to stand next to the images Glimmer opens her eyes and sees the truth.
Ahhhh She’s !
Glimmer waves back, smiling Then after a moment.
Actually, you know what? It’s still creepy
I think I know where they’re coming from Come on!
Scene Ends
Scene opens in the Fright Zone
Catra is slouching around the detention area Scorpia runs up to her, a large sheaf of files in her arms.
Catra! Catra! Hey, Catra!
Oh, wow You are fast. Anyway, I found the file, and guess what.
The material is produced right here in the Fright Zone?
Beautiful and brilliant
Where’s Entrapta?! You’re supposed to be watching her!
You know, she is, she’s, she’s  . . I don’t know where she is, truthfully, but I’m gonna fix that because that’s just the kind of friend I am. You’re welcome.
Scene Ends
Scene opens in the Hordak's Inner Sanctum
Hordak stands by in his lab as Entrapta makes further adjustments to switches and cables, which causes the glowing orb to grow in size and brilliance, buzzing and crackling louder
This is probably the max with what you’ve got to work with here If we had some First One’s tech, we could generate even more voltage.
Catra and Scorpia come running into the chamber
I’m sorry, Lord Hordak Entrapta is still new here. I, I, I, I promise, she will  bother you again.
You are the one bothering me, Force Captain  . . with your unwelcome intrusion! I. Am. Working. With Entrapta’s assistance.
Did you hear that, Emily?  I’ve never had a  before!
Catra stares with Scorpia, dumbfounded, until the Imp hisses at them, and they turn and exit
Scene Ends
Scene opens in the Alwyn
In the moonlit night at Alwyn, Bow examines a pyramidal spire in the middle of town with Glimmer, SheRa, and Swift Wind looking on Bow pulls away roots covering the spire.
This is it! The noise is coming from here!
It looks like Light Hope’s
It’s an antenna I’m guessing this outpost is built on some kind of First Ones communication hub. When the Black Garnet disrupted the planet, it must have caused the hub to power up. It’s trying to send old stored . With you translating, we should be able to turn it off.
So  . . these are First Ones?
Yeah Why?
She surveys the figure, a friendly bowing man and a young girl figure dancing
It’s just  . . I’ve been thinking of them as these big epic figures. But they’re regular people, . . . sending messages to their loved ones. Messages that were never received because of what Mara did to the planet.
SheRa hangs her head, but Swift Wind snuffles at her encouragingly She approaches the spire and touches it with her hand, causing it to light up and glow, then fade. The dancing, bowing figures fade as well.
Be at rest, now
The farmers must have fled from the “ghosts” when this thing turned itself on We should be able to get them a message that it’s safe to return.
Way to go! I think the Rebellion is going to do just fine with you, Mastermaker Bow!
Thanks, ! Now that the antenna is powered down, everything should be back to normal
He studies the tracker pad, and the others gather around him It is showing a distorted pattern and playing a staticky, unintelligible voice.
It’s that message again It looks like First Ones writing.
Huh But we powered down the antenna.
Well, if it is First Ones writing, I can’t read it It’s way too degraded.
You said it yourself, Bow Your pad must be broken.
Yeah  . . that must be it.
Scene Ends
Somewhere else, in a windswept hostile desert plain, a wrecked spacecraft lies half buried, but not altogether inactive Within, a panel lights up with a scrolling pattern that looks like an intact version of what was appearing on Bow’s tracker pad.
TBA
Oh, I got it
Don't forget this
Oh, buttered biscuits I'll never get used to these things.
At least I don't have to get lost in that maze of hers anymore
A pig So cute.
Log Day 103. 104? No, definitely 103. First Ones artifact number 58 has yielded a treasure trove of intact code. If I can successfully translate it, it could hold the secrets of the First Ones.
Fascinating, my roots seem to be responding to the code This is remarkable. Could this be my biggest step yet in making ancient and modern technology truly compatible?
Edit to log, I am now going to run
Princess Entrapta will be a total catch for the Rebellion My mother is going to be so impressed!
Uh, I'm all for impressing Angella, but why is Entrapta so important?
She's a brilliant inventor She makes robots and rehabs old tech left by the First Ones. She's a pretty big deal in the Etherian makers community.Which I am a part of, because I dabble in gadgetry myself.
What does any of that mean?
It means, if we convince Entrapta to join the Rebellion, she'll invent all sorts of cool junk for us And then we'll finally have weapons that can stand up to the Horde's.
Like my trick arrows! I'm running low so I built some new onesThis one is a stun arrow. This one is an emergency flare. And this one, this one's just pointy.And here is my newest one.Sonic arrow!
When will we ever need a sonic arrow If we have to wake up really early?
Or if we get separated in a crowd?
"Separated in a crowd" I bet Entrapta will like my arrows.
Must have been a rock slide Any loud sound could cause another slide.We need to be as quiet as
FOR THE HONOR OF GRAYSKULL!
Ha! I'm getting the hang of this
That was incredibly dangerous
What's the big deal? It worked
You can't just bust through everything with magic SheRa could have caused an avalanche.
But she didn't, OK? I've spent my whole life without powers No way I'm going to stop using them now.
Whoa, she's got lightning
Something's wrong The castle's distress beacon is lit. They must be under attack.
There's been no reports of the Horde in this area
No, be careful!
You okay?
This place feels wrong.. It's nothing.
Hey, who's there?
Hello? Princess Entrapta We're here to, uh, recruit you for the Rebellion.
[creepy metal hand climbs onto GlimmerEeee, oh, eahlkdsjf
Okay, we need to be careful Entrapta has traps set up all over her castle. They're supposed to be really cool.
They're coming Get out of the square.
Who's coming? Is it the Horde?
Hello? Come back
I'm thinking we should probably move away from whatever is making that sound
This way
What the
Looks like one of Entrapta's designs Why would it attack us?
Alright, stand back
Careful, it could be a
Glimmer! Adora!
Bow! He's all alone with those things! He needs us!
We have to get out of here first
Come on, I'll teleport us out
Uh, is this out?
Ugh
Okay, no more teleporting from now on
Sounds like a good idea
Not again
Princesses! I'm saved!
Princess Entrapta? I mean, so good to see you I hope you don't mind, but we sort of let ourselves in.
And then we let ourselves out of your cage, trap thing
Welcome to Dryl! Things are usually really fun around here, but right now it's all kind of teensy bit deadly
Let me go
Please keep your voice down sir The robots respond to sound.
We're just trying to help you
Oh, thanks? What's going on? Why are the robots attacking people?
We don't know We're just the kitchen staff.
Miniature cupcake? Princess Entrapta only eats tiny food
And delicious fizzy beverages
Uh, thank you?
You'll be safe in here with us We've got enough food to last for months. It's tiny, but still.
The bots will run out of power eventually, right?
We need to do something You can't just hide in here forever.
Oh yes we can We don't have powers like the princesses. We can't  fight.
Sir, kindly quiet your whatever that is
It's a tracker pad It tracks energy signatures from magic. It will help me find my friends.
Are those little dot thingies your friends?
Gonna go with no
You're lucky I found you I designed the castle as a labyrinth. I'm the only one who can navigate it.
Which means you can help us find our friend?
Absolutely
Is she sure about that?
Hi, um, I think we passed this picture already
Oh, isn't it cute?You might be right I usually have my electronic map to get around. But, well, like my bots it's sort of evil right now.
Yeah, about that
Why did you invent killer robots?
You're abnormally tall Hello! I like your sword. It's First Ones tech, right? Can I touch it?
Uh, thank you, yes, and no, not right now
About the killer robots?
They didn't start out that way Usually they're super useful. They do almost everything for me. Cleaning, filing, basic hygiene. Oh, and they're sound activated. Here, I'll show you!
Uh, can we maybe not do that?
Isn't it adorable?
It's trying to talk!
Whatever it's saying, I don't think it's good
Make it stop
Make what stop?
Bot 329 is attempting to communicate
Oh no, bad bot
Princess!
SheRa! Stop!
Turn it off, turn it off!
Oh, the door won't hold much longer
Almost done
Are you sure about this?
Uh, you guys..
Now!
Here goes nothing
Shoot it already
I can't, it's a sonic arrow, it'll draw more bots
Is it over? I did that? Hey, I did that!
Nice work, now let's find my friends! Come on
Adora? Wake up, please wake up!
The tall one seems infected too She turned less tall.How does it work?
She's not an it, she's my friendAnd what do you mean she's infected too?
It's really fascinatingI've been experimenting with a disc that was recovered from a mine in Dryl.It was a gamechanger.It held more complete First One's code than anything I've ever seen before.But it seems to have reacted with the First Ones tech that powers my bots.It infected them with some sort of a virus.
But why would it make SheRa sick?
Well, I'd have to take her apart to be sure But since her sword is First One's tech, it must have spread through that.
First, you're not taking her apart She is a PERSON!  Second, if we destroy this disc, will that turn off the bots and stop the virus?
Destroy it? But the experiment isn't complete!
I think we can safely say that this experiment is a failure!
But what if it's not no, you're right, it's a failure
Glimmer, there's two of you That's nice.
How are you feeling?
Just peachy Why are we whispering?
Sound activates the robots
What ROBOTS?
The ones that are attacking us
Oh, those robots Okay, I'm going to take a nap now.
No no no no, stay awake, we have to go to Entrapta's lab and destroy this disc thing and then you'll be all better again
Better? I'm fine I'm SheRa.  Hi, Glimmer.
Come on, we've got to get to your lab She's getting worse.
Aha!
Oh, we're here I mean, uh, of course we're here. We were never lost.
Wow, the door is infected too, it won't let us in That is so smart. And awful. We're all going to die.
It's okay, I've got this one I'll just teleport into the lab.
Ooo, teleportation How does that work? Tell me everything.
Sure, but maybe later, when we're not, like, facing a robot uprising
It's a date
I'll be right back
Okay, I'm just gonna wait here
That was not such a great plan The lab is very full of robots.
How did they look?
Pretty evil I couldn't get anywhere near the disc.
Aw, he's kind of cute Uh, guys, a little help?
Please don't say it's more bots
No, that's Glimmer teleporting I know where Glimmer and Adora are. Uh oh, that's not good. We have to do something, we have to save them.
Oh no, sir, no thank you
It's one thing to fight them off out of necessity, but to seek out danger? It's madness Pardon me.
Look, they're princesses, they have powers I make baked goods.
Sure, we don't have powers like the princess, but that never stopped me, and it doesn't have to stop you
But you're a master archer, we're just ordinary people
I'm a master archer who's out of arrows, but that never stopped me eitherYou each have a skill that only you can do, even if it doesn't come from some magical jewel. You say you're just ordinary people, I say you're warriors of the Rebellion!
To the Rebellion!
Incredible development, the bots seem to be working together
Right now, I think that's a bad thing We need to find another way into the lab.
The air duct, we can use that
I don't suppose you have any other magical powers that could be useful right now?
I don't have enough energy to teleport us all Not without leaving someone's legs behind.
I'll give up one of mine if you give up one of yours
It's Bow!
Yay, there's a rainbow!
Nice!
Bow! You're okay! I was so worried
Big fan of your work, Princess Entrapta Uh, maybe not this work, exactly,but your other work.
Hi
Hi
You okay, Adora?
Oh, yeah, sure, I'm totally
Entrapta was experimenting with First One's tech, and it infected all of her machines with some kind of virus, and SheRa's sword got infected to and made Adora all, oh, weirdI teleported into the lab and it's full of bots and maybe we She-Ra we'd have a chance, but without her, it's hopeless.
We don't need SheRa We can do this together.
Okay, where's the disc?
How fascinating It has completely protected itself.
We have to find a way to turn it off
Hey, guys, I've found the bots
Adora!
Shhh
Glimmer!
We'll get your friends You two get that disc turned off.
Keep 'em busy
We got your back, princesses
That's not gonna work How do we shut the computer down?
Ha! The power conduit!
You dumb bots, you're going the wrong way! Bow, watch out!
Uh, why isn't the computer turning off?
It's running on its own power now! That's it We need to get outta here and burn this place to the ground. Experiment officially failed.
Wait, I have an idea
Now's your chance, sonic arrow! I believe in you!
Where am I? What's happening?
Thanks, former tall one, and companions, for saving our lives I would be honoured to join your Rebellion and provide you with weapons.
Thanks, guys You saved us all back there. The Rebellion needs regular people now more than ever.
We are ready
So, maybe you had a point before
What? I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you
I think what Glimmer is trying to say is that you were right, we can't always rely on our powers
Ooohhh, is that what you were trying to say Glimmer? That I was right?
Yes
And my sonic arrow was a great idea?
Yes, it was brilliant, and you were totally right, okay?
If you hadn't come, the bots would have gotten us for sure And, I didn't know that SheRa could get sick like that. What if it happens again?
It won't We destroyed that evil, SheRa hating disc.
Good, I never want to feel that way again
Thanks for saving us, Bow
All in a day's work for Bow and his band of Kitchen Knights! His Baking Brigade! Pastry Patrol! I'm still working that out
Oh, look at that rock just staring at us  Boy, that rock really needs smashing. And since SheRa's not sick anymore, she should probably smash it!
Aha! What? it's practise For the honor of Grayskull!
Log Day 105. 104? Eh. The last experiment hit a few bumps, but it was not a total failure. I made some important discoveries. The disc is way more powerful than I ever imagined. With a few adjustments, I'm sure the next experiment will be a success.
Okay, I patched the shielding on the aft starboard ancillary booster, try it now
I have no idea what that is
I'm working on getting the autopilot up and functional again  Wrong Hordak, blow torch!
What? We couldn't just leave him behind And he's harmless, you know, since I... kind of, you know, fried him and scrambled his brains...
How's Catra?
Good, I think I jI keep checking on her, but she's been sleeping for a while, do you think I should check on her again?
Adora, you should let her rest
Right, right  ...But what if she wakes up and needs something?  I'm jI'm just gonna go check on her-- No, no, no, you're right. Letting her rest.
Come on, guys We faced Horde Prime and made it out .
I honestly  believe it worked
, SheRa's back!
How did you do that without the sword?
I don't know I just...suddenly felt her again. Like she'd never left. Like she's been in there all along just waiting to come out...  I just have no idea how to do it again.
You'll figure it out What's important is that she was there when your friends needed her.
Well, friends, and one person who threw me off a cliff once, but sure
Oh, I can't believe we're finally going home!
Oh, sorry! Sorry
With Darla damaged, our speed's at 30 percent If Entrapta can't fix it, it will take us a while to get there.
As long as we're headed towards home and away from Horde Prime..I'm happy. We deserve to celebrate...  I'm going to make us a special dinner for tonight!
..I have never seen you cook before.
..You know what? Wrong Hordak can help. I bet he knows a lot about cooking.
I am honored to provide nourishment for my exalted brothers
..I'm gonna go check on Catra again!
Adora!  ..Okay, I can do this.  Next stop, Etheria.
Hey! Hey, it's just me
Are you..still getting the flashes?
Yes, I keep having this horrible vision of a blonde girl who thinks she's better than everyone   into my room all day ...Oh, wait.
..We'll find a way to get the chip off. If you'd just...let Entrapta  take a look at it, I bet she could
I  not Entrapta
So, you're just gonna hide in here forever? You'll have to face them sometime..
No, I don't  Justdrop me off on the closest planet, I'll make my own way.
What, so Horde Prime can capture you again?
I can take care of myself
I promised I'd take you home, and that's exactly what I'm gonna do  Why are you acting like this?! We saved your life!
I , don't you?
You'd rather I left you there to die?!
WHAT DO YOU CARE?! I know you all hate me!
I never hated you!
..Then you're even dumber than I thought.  Just...leave me alone.
..I'm  has changed.
I'm telling you, I felt her! I did  SheRa is back!
Oh, no you don't!
Yeah!
Huh, weird winds today..
What do you think you're doing, you're supposed to be on  team!
Darling, we're doing this to cheer her up?
I am the undefeated champion of ice ball!
You know that doesn't count, right?
Ready, kiddo?
"Kiddo"? I'm the ruler of my own kingdom, got it, old man?
Don't take it personally, Frosta's been having a rough time lately This invasion has her pretty freaked out.
Do kids not like me? How do I make kids like me? Is Glimmer not gonna like me when she comes home?!
Okay, see,  personally
..I need your help. We got word that the Horde was sighted near Elberon. We have to go check on them.
Did you say Elberon needs help? YES!  ..I mean, boo, for them...  But they throw the best victory parties! Dibs on this mission.
Parties? Maybe Frosta should come, too We could all use some fun.  Hey, Frosta!
Catra is driving me crazy! I thought we actually stood a
This is  become a totally different person?
No, I just I thought she'd at least   We all risked our lives to save her, and she can't even say thank you?  Can you believe that?
I believe..in Horde prime.
Uh..what's he doing here, again?
Oh, he's helping me make dinner
True nourishment comes from the favor of Horde Prime  ...Also from nutrientrich amniotic fluid.
Yeeeaaaah, well, we're not eating that  I think these rations were Mara's.  Does space food expire? What does this one say?
"Dehydrated protein slaw"  ...Yum?
Guys, you'd better get in here!
What's going on?
Sensors picked up Horde ships on our tail They're coming straight for us.
It's gotta be a coincidence, Prime can't track this ship
Well, is there somewhere we can hide until they're gone?
Look!  It's an asteroid field  It would be so I mean, a-a great hiding spot. But, Bow said I couldn't fly into it...
Asteroids  Ship, falling apart.
Well,  nobody has a better idea, so it'll have to do
Acknowledged..
Hey, I've got an idea Why don't you ride on my shoulders? Glimmer and I used to do it all the time.
That's little kid stuff And I don't need your help.
Where is anyone? I thought this town was supposed to be in danger
Welcome to Elberon, rebel heroes
We came as quickly as we could Where are the Horde forces?
You are mistaken I'm so sorry we made you worry. And you came all this way...  Why don't you  stay for supper?
Well..  I really could go for some cake!
Cake? Really?
Do kids not like cake anymore?
Oo, wait till you see this party..
Okay, we should be safe in here Even if they're looking for us, we'll be impossible to spot among the asteroids.
Horde ships coming right for us!
How did they find us?!
Horde Prime may not be able to track Darla, but something on board is sending up a trace signal  must be what they're following!
Those flashes Catra's been getting, the signal's coming from her chip, isn't it?  Once again, Catra is ruining our lives
Wait, Entrapta hasn't fixed the shields yet!
Then try not to hit anything!
Something weird is going on..
Yeah, this place is giving me the creeps
Maybe it's time to go..
Hey, why don't we start a game of ice ball?  That should liven things up!
My daughter's gonna hate me..
Where have you been? You know I don't like being alone at parties
Something really weird just happened..
I know This whole place is weird.
We're going back There might be someone who actually needs help.
I don't know what happened to these guys Their last party was great. It's like they've been replaced with totally different people.
It's getting dark outside..  You don't want to be out in the dark.
We really should get back to camp
But our guest of honor hasn't arrived Stay...and join us  in the light of Horde Prime.
What is she doing in here?! I told you, I want to be alone!
Entrapta's going to remove your chip
You're going to let her operate on me? She'll kill me!
Me?  Why would I wanna hurt you?  Oooh, you mean because you sent me to Beast Island, stole my work, and used it to rip a hole in the fabric of space and time? I get it  ...HOLD STILL!
Stay away from me!
Catra, Horde Prime is tracking that chip He's coming for us right now,  so grow up and let us remove it, or we're all dead.
We're doing this Then if you think hiding from the people you hurt will make you feel better, we'll drop you off and you'll never have to see us again.  ...You'll never have to see me again.
Adora, wait  ..Please.  Stay.
Come to Lord Prime's light, and you will find peace
Wait!
Stop treating me like a little kid! You don't need to protect me!
I'm not protecting you, I'm protecting them  Horde Prime's done something to them...but they're innocent Etherians.  We can't hurt them.  You're the strongest one here. Use your power to defend the team.
To me!
What is happening?
Removal of embedded Horde chip  Let's begin.
Wait Not yet.
Catra, we don't have time
I can help you, okay?  When Horde Prime was..using me, I feltIt's like, um... It's like all his clones are-are connected to some kind of hive mind, and I was part of it.
Those flashes you're getting?
It's him He's still in there, he canhe can see me.  But maybe I can see him, too. I can find out what he's planning.
No, you can't risk letting him back into your head
Adora, you have to let me try Otherwise you're gonna do something stupid and get yourself killed. Just... Just stay with me, while I do it, okay?
I can feel him He'she's angry.  He wants revenge. He wants to make you hurt, he's...attacking Etheria.  No... no, no, no, not attacking. Something new is happening...there's so much noise.  He's...  He's chipping them.  He-He's going to chip them all!  Horde Prime is taking control of Etheria!
No.. He...he can't!
It's already happening You've gotta stop him!
Oh, I'm losing visuals!  Where did that asteroid come from?!  Glimmer, get over there and be my eyes!
My children, why do you struggle? I wish to bring peace to your planet, yet..you reject it.
UhShe-Ra! If you really are out there, are you getting this?!
Your SheRa will not come to save you now
Adora, please.. II want to go home.
We will  I'm getting us out of here.
Etheria needs us And I won't let him hurt anyone else.
Where are you going?
To send Horde Prime a message  For the Honor...of Grayskull!
Welcome, children You will be reborn in Prime's image.
WhWhoa! Did you guys see that?
We'll be impressed later Let's go.
Chip appears to be fused with the subject's nervous system,  leeching energy in a parasitic exchange Extraction is going to be a delicate process.  Careful, now...
Sorry!
Just get it off!
this is from
Veer left Up...up!
Wait, is that?
Yeah!
What is going on out there?
Almost..  Allllmoooost...
I did it! With the chip removed from its power source,  it won't be able to signal anymore ...Okay, gotta go check on Darla now!
..Entrapta, wait.  ...Thank you. And...I'm sorry.
I forgive you
Shields and autopilot are back online  Darla just needs some time to reboot and then she'll be back to full functionality.
SheRa.. She's really back... Like back for real.
Good timing, too We really need her.
Brothers
Who wants dinner?
Glimmer..You made these?
Wrong Hordak helped Everyone eat, eat!  I used to make these with my mom. She wasn't that good a cook, either, so I figured it would be hard to mess up.
This is really good
Okay, hold up Glimmer, this is amazing!
Oh, wow, this is delicious
Wrong Hordak laughs]
Wait, you made these in the oven, from dehydrated slaw? This is so good!
How is it? It smells good, right?
Does this come in smaller sizes, though? It's hard for me to eat if it's too
Did you see that asteroid that was coming right at us? Then Glimmer was like,  "Oh, no Bow, stop." and then I was like, "Okay, I'll stop." And I pulled up, then we missed it
This is almost better than
I put amniotic fluid in there ...That was a joke.]
WeWe've gotta go back for them
We will But first we need to figure out what that was. And how to stop it.
SheRa will know She's coming home, I can feel it. She's getting closer every day.
Sorry for calling you an old man Glimmer's really lucky to have you as a dad.
Really? You think so?
Yes, but you really gotta stop trying so hard
We don't know who we can trust now  But as long as we all stick together,  we'll get through this.
Inside Bright Moon
Glimmer (Sighs)
Glimmer, come at once We need you in the War Room right away! There's no time to waste. You must make a decision.
We're here for you
(sighs) That one!
(gasps)
The Future Queen has spoken At Glimmer's coronation, we will be serving – ice cream cake!
All laugh
Theme plays
People are starting to arrive I can't believe this is really my coronation day. Me. Queen Glimmer. Ugh. It sounds so weird.
Queen Glimmer Queen Glimmer. Queen Glimmer! Yeah, that's going to take some getting used to.
I just.. never thought it would actually happen.
Hey don't worry You've got me and Bow beside you all the way. We'll make sure this day is perfect.
Yeah, you're right We've got this. Do I look okay?
Like a queen
Here you all are! What are you standing around for? The guests are starting to arrive! Come on! There's so much to do!
Glimmer (groans)
I'm worried about Glimmer
Must be hard celebrating withAngella being gone
It's her coronation This shouldbe a perfect day for Glimmer. We'll make it perfect. All we have todo is keep her mind off –
Angella?
Off everything, yes Now comeon!
Bow (shouts)
So, the ceremony beginswith the Ritual Quest, followed by your first speech as queen andmost importantly, the whole thing ends with a Grand Ball!
(gasps) Oh, there's a quest!We're great at quests
Yes, the Quest of Queens,in which Glimmer will forge her connection to the Moonstone TheMoonstone's power has been balanced between you and your mother sinceyou were born, but now, with her... her absent...
So, about that quest! We're greatat quests, right guys?
Yes, it's all in thescrolls Secret ritual, witnesses, light, etcetera, etcetera.
Bow (exclaims)
Oh, and you'll need this(gasps) Are those the flower arrangements? Glimmer, what do youthink?
Oh, uh, they're, uh, fine?
You're right, they'reawful! Burn them at once Also, you're fired.
Plumerian man (crying)
Aunt Casta, you don't ..
Don't you worry about athing In addition to being a powerful sorceress, I am also alegendary partyplanner. This will be a coronation for the ages! Glimmer, take us to the terrace!
Glimmer (sighs)
Oh, we're We're walking,are we? Great We can use the exercise.
What do you think? I wanted todo something special for you
This is going to be awful
Awful inspiring, right? I canmake more!
I appreciate the idea But Ineed someone for a very important job to, uh, greet the guests.
Oh, you need a bouncer! I'm onit! Bouncer!
Wait, I didn't say bouncerOkay.
Glimmer! I need youropinion on color schemes
Uh..blue? What about purple?
Excellent choice Isn'tthis fun? Soon you will have to make many decisions, just like yourmother... That is, uh Chop, chop, everyone! Adora, move the icesculpture to the side! We still need flower arrangements! Where isthat florist?
You fired him
Oh, right Perhaps you'dlike to do the flowers, Glimmer?
Uhhh
Adora (grunting)
Hmm (groans)
Mermista (groans)
you know, I bet Mermista wouldlove to do the flowers! Right Mermista?
Wow, how did you know? Flowerarranging is my passion
Ah! Wonderful! Now let'stalk stem length
(crying) What? No! Why?
Is now a good time to talkabout my song for the coronation? I will require a stage, and oatsfor the backup horses
Stop bothering Glimmer!Bouncer!
Swift Wind (whinnies)
Hey! I think it's all reallycoming together, don't you?
yep, it's gonna be perfect! Whatelse we need to do, Bow?
Still don't know what the lanternis for! This is all so official and confusing And it says Glimmerneeds to wear some ceremonial robe. But I don't know where to getthat!
Maybe if we all lookedtogether
Don't worry! We will find it!
But –
The two of us will find it foryou
Glimmer, you're needed inthe Dining Room at once to choose the napkin folding technique! I'mthinking swans, what do you think?
Uh..I...
You're right, it's aterrible idea I should just fire myself.
Aunt Casta, no –
Castaspella and Glimmer (grunting)
Mermista! Vases!
Don't stifle my creativity!
Uhg Please.
It's okay, we will handleeverything You go have fun!
Fun Right.
Hordak Our troops are justsitting around. What are we waiting for? We need to talk about plansfor
Plans? (laughs) Your last planwas to set off the portal machine before it was ready Do youremember how that ended?
Whatever It worked out for us,didn't it? The Rebellion's a mess. Their queen is gone. Now's ourchance to gain the upper hand.
And how are we going to do thatwhen you couldn't even prevent the Rebellion from infiltrating theFright Zone?
Yeah, like I said before, it wasEntrapta who
Hordak (shouting) I told you never tomention that name in my presence! If you are so desperate for a task,redouble our defenses so that no Princess can ever set foot in theFright Zone again Fortunately for you, my signal to Horde Prime wentthrough.
Great so
That's the only reason you'rehere instead of facing punishment for your failure Now get out!
Well, it took some searching, butwe finally found the Royal Coronation Robe!
Wow, Glimmer! You look.. Um
Oh, my little Glimmer I'mso proud of you. I know you're going to make such a wonderful queen.Well, almost time for your quest! Give me a tick and this robe willfit like a dream!
Of course The quest we stilldon't know anything about. But it'll be fine. Castaspella will fixthe robe, Bow has the lantern, and I'll have you guys by my side thewhole way. Right?
Umm.. Right! Hey, um, Adora, canI talk to you real quick? I don't know where the lantern is! Glimmercan't do the quest without it, and she can't be queen without thequest! I've doomed the entire kingdom!
Bow, calm down! We just have tofind the lantern, and Glimmer will be none the wiser It has to bearound here somewhere, right? This day is going to be perfect!
There's no need to bealarmed I'm a guest now. Can't you tell? Please, convey my bestwishes to our new queen. I hope you two are till close. Power changespeople.
Glimmer is a good friend She'llbe a good queen, too.
Hmm I hope for yoursake, you're right.
Adora, I've been freezinganyone trying to sneak in, but I'm running out of space to put them
Sea Hawk (whimpering)
Unfreeze him right now!
Frosta (grunting)
Hmmm! Mermista, um, flowersare sort of my thing
Uh, it's art and it's whatGlimmer wants New queen, new era.
Stop fighting! You'reruining Glimmer's big day! Bouncer!
Okay, has anyone seen a sacredlantern?
Yeah There.
Swift Wind (laughs)
Bow (sighs)
Oh! We've been looking all overfor it! Thanks, Swifty
And I'll present it toQueen Glimmer And she'll be all, 'Swift Wind, why don't you sing thecoronation song you made up?”
Swift Wind (singing) Queen Glimmer –It's your day – we're all excited for you
Glimmer, can you please tellPerfuma to stop questioning your wise judgment?
What? I'm not
Where do you keep the blankets?Sea Hawk is whining about being frozen
Why did you free..?
Glimmer, the quest is dueto begin Where's the lantern?
I have it! And now, mysong!
Everyone knows Glimmer wouldbe happier with me on flowers!
Glimmer obviously disagrees
Glimmer, your guests arewaiting
Everyone, stop botheringGlimmer She has a ton on her plate...
(everyone speaking at once)
Everyone, just stop!
(ice sculpture cracks)
(all gasp, exclaim)
Glimmer, we will fix allof this
Let's just get this over with
What are you doing in here?
Oh, uh
You heard Hordak He wants allthis junk disposed of as soon as possible.
Hey, so, I know you made aheat of the moment decision which I totally get, but, um, you didn'treally want Entrapta to stay on Beast Island forever Anyway, I wasthinking we cold go back and get her? I mean, she is our friend.
Entrapta betrayed us, and gotwhat she deserved
But she didn't betray us Shewanted to save us from the portal. And she was right, if Adora hadn'tshut it down
Catra (yells)
Scorpia (grunts)
Entrapta betrayed Hordak As forthe portal, it left the Rebellion in shambles, and that means itworked. Got it? Good. Now, get this place cleared out.
It's okay You can come out.
Emily (beeps and whirs)
Hey there, Emily Don't worry.I won't let anything happen to you.
We are gathered here todayto witness the crowning of Queen Glimmer of Bright Moon as shecompletes the Quest of Queens and begins her reign as our new leaderShe will be accompanied by two witnesses, Master Archer Bow, andAdora, SheRa, Princess of Power. Let the light guide you and goforth in peace and safety to emerge as Queen of Bright Moon.
So, quest! Heh We're good atquests.
Can we just do this, please? Idon't want to think about flowers, or colors, or stupid decisionsAnd we're bad at quests.
Wow I can't believe thesetunnels have been underneath our feet all this time.
So, how deep down do you thinkwe are?
Okay, what's with you guys?Stop acting like this!
Like what?
Like Like-- Like this!
Glimmer, we're just
Whatever None of this evenmatters!
Wait, look!
All exclaim
I think I think this is theChamber of Queens!
Look!
That altar I read about that inthe scroll. I think it's for the lantern.
All gasp
Is this part of the quest?
(roars)
Teeth! Giant Teeth!
All shouting
The lantern!
Glimmer!
Bright Moon's guardian (roars)
The scroll didn't mention a giant angry monster living in the tunnels under Bright Moon?
Come to think of it, I might remember some mention of a Bright Moon guardian that we'd have to subdue
Bow!
It was confusingly worded!
We need to get out of here Come on, teleport us out!
I I can't teleport!
Glimmer!
What? Why not?
I haven't been recharging my powers!
What!
Recharging would mean taking the Moonstone's full power for myself It would mean... admitting that she's really gone. Everyone is already acting like she doesn't matter. It's like no one remembers her. No one cares. We're having a coronation because she's gone, and everyone is acting like it's a fun party and it's not.
Of course it's not I just thought talking about it... About her. It hurts. I'm supposed to take care of you, Glimmer. It's the last thing she asked me to do. I wanted to make today perfect. But I...
We just don't know what to do
I don't know either But maybe we can still figure it out. Together.
Whatever path you choose, we'll always be there, right beside you
Even if that path leads to a giant crystal monster?
Especially if the path leads to a giant crystal monster
Nothing we can't handle We're great at quests.
(laughs) Then come on Let's do this.
For the Honor of Grayskull!
Bright Moon's guardian (roars)
Adora (grunting)
All (exclaim)
Hey! Over here!
Glimmer!
Run!
No I'm Queen Glimmer of Bright Moon, and you will leave my friends alone.
The Moonstone (pulses)
Glimmer?
(gasps) Mom?
Glimmer, You are walking in the footsteps of all those who have come before us Now, my darling, it's your turn. I wish I didn't have to leave you. But I know you will be all right. Because you are Glimmer, and you are so, so strong. I have done my best to prepare you to rule, but you were always ready to lead. I am so proud of you, Glimmer. I love you.
I love you too mom
You okay, Your Majesty?
As long as you two are with me, I am Now come on, let's get out of here.
Bright Moon citizens (gasp)
This place looks amazing!
We wanted it to be perfect for you
So we worked together to finish
That was my idea
Glimmer, it's time
I'm here today because Queen Angella, my mother, sacrificed herself to save Etheria We can't let her bravery be in vain. But there's so much we still need to do. Hordak is still in power, and we know there's an even larger Horde army out there somewhere. We can't let them win. It's time for us to take back our home. Together we will push out the Horde, once and for all!
All (cheer)
Yeah! Wooo!
purring
Hordak (gasps)
Hey, Hordak
What do you think you're doing?
(alarm sounds)
(grunting)
How dare you
Missing something? Looks like you're ready to listen
When I finish with you..
Hey, cheer up, boss You said it yourself. Big, bad Horde Prime got your signal. Don't you want to conquer Etheria before he gets here? He doesn't sound like the type to accept failure.
What do you want?
We're done with your little vanity projects It's time to crush the Rebellion, for good. And you're going to help me do that. I think you and I are going to do great things together.
(closing theme plays)
Opens in the Whispering Woods with the Princess Alliance fighting Horde robots
Hey, robot face, watch where you step
Incoming
Got it
Sorry, Frosta
Wow, flower princesses can't aim
I'm working on it
Look out!
Got it
Thanks for dropping in
Dropping in, because you dropped him from the sky Good one.
♪Theme song plays ♪
Scene change to inside a darkened area in the wood, with destroyed bots on the ground
(transforms sword into shield then into a bo staff then again into a mace)
Woohoo!
(transforms mace into a mug)
Oh, cute You can turn your sword into stuff.
(gasps as Catra attacks)
Hey, Adora
(transforms sword again from cup into some type of wind instrument)
Did you mean to do that? If you did, it's a terrible weapon
Is not
Scene changes to outside in the Whispering Woods
(Teleports Micah's staff into her hand)
How'd you do that?
Can you teleport anything you want? Like a cannon? I can make ice cannonballs
What? No Just the staff. It was my dad's Ugh.
Actually, I was sort of in the middle of something here Do you mind?
It's more effective if you hit their core processing unit
Ugh I know. I was about to
Hey There's another one. Let's get it.
Scene changes back into the SheRa/Catra fight in the cave-
What are you waiting for? You gonna play me a song on that thing?
(Swings the wind instrument at Catra but stops inches away from her)
I knew you couldn't do it
All at once, Catra and all of the surroundings dissolve in static, revealing the interior of the Crystal Castle SheRa becomes Adora. The holographic Light Hope appears beside her.
Did you have to make her so mean?
The simulation is designed for total accuracy
Is the one you call Catra not mean?
No She is.
There There. (Attempts to pat Adora on the head but her hand just goes through)
Scene change to outside in the Whispering Woods after the battle
The poor woods
They'll never be able to regrow if the bots keep attacking
(Destroys bot that Bow was inspecting)
Hey!
I was looking at that
(smugly) You're welcome
Scene changes back into The Crystal Castle
I've been training for a month and I haven't gotten any better
This performance was, in fact, worse
Please disregard My human inspiration protocol is still in the beta stage.
Should I smile more? (smiles)
No, no It's not you.
I wanna be the best SheRa, I wanna protect the planet
But Catra, she's just in my head
She has access to your mainframe?
She isn't actually in my head
When you grow up with someone, they know how to push your buttons
I can relate I also have buttons.
You have come a long way, but there is still much to do
You must learn to master your emotions, or you are destined to repeat the mistakes of the last SheRa
No pressure, huh?
There is quite a bit of pressure
Was that not clear?
Yeah, no, I got it So much pressure.
Very well You must learn by doing.
A new hologram materializes with an enormous spider monster threatening Adora She gasps in surprise, then stands determinedly as she draws her sword  which immediately transforms into a large fork. She grunts in frustration, then brandishes the fork and leaps to the attack as the creature roars.
Scene changes to the Fright Zone  Horde cadets Lonnie, Kyle, and Rogelio are engaged in their own training session, under Catra’s supervision. Lonnie and Rogelio defeat two small bots, holographically disguised as princesses, while a larger bot appears bearing the likeness of a menacing SheRa. Kyle panics and falls down, cowering with his hands over his head as the bot fires on him repeatedly.
No Oh, no. (falls down allowing the bot to hit him)
The simulation ends revealing Catra in the background
Who can tell me what Kyle did wrong?
Where do you start?
SheRa is too strong to defeat with force alone
But she's slow and easily manipulated
Simulation restarts and the bot powers back up
Not again
But Catra outmaneuvers the bot, landing on it’s head and ripping out its central processor, almost effortlessly She tosses the wrecked component to the floor.
Fix this
Then go again
Catra leaves them to it As she makes her way down the hallways, guards step aside respectfully to make way for her. She smiles with a smug confidence, relishing her growing power and the respect it earns her.  She enters Entrapta’s “holding cell” and finds it completely transformed.
Huh?
What is all this junk?
Isn't it wonderful?
The stuff from my castle arrived
Catra shrieks with momentary startle at a small rodentlike robot under her foot
Yeah Wonderful. What's the report from the woods?
Oh! I just received a transmission from one of my bots
She and Scorpia settle themselves comfortably on a sofa before the large screen, a tray of small treats between them The footage shows bots being summarily wrecked by the princesses in the Whispering Woods. They offer a scintillating commentary.
Oh, boy (as a bot is destroyed)  Ouch.
Oh, wow, it just fell apart with one hit there, didn’t it I could definitely make some improvements.
Ohho, yeah! Game over
It doesn't matter We'll just send more bots, and more after that. They'll be so busy defending their precious trees, we'll conquer the planet before they know what's happened.
Entrapta reaches out with one of her hair appendages and displays a crystal for Catra, markings of First Ones tech evident on its surface
I have an even better idea
Scene change toSwift Wind bearing Adora back to Bright Moon from the Crystal Castle As they ride over the forest, Adora giggles with joy.  When they land, they meet with Glimmer and Bow.
You should've seen it With the Moonstone supercharged, I've been so much more powerful. I took out, like, at least five bots.
Just like the day before, and the day before that
So? What are we supposed to do? Not fight? We have to protect the woods
The Horde is going to keep taking ground until it regrows
I know, but how long can we keep this up? Did you learn anything from Light Hope?
Uh..
Getting way better at transforming my sword Look.
A pitcher
That's so useful
We can picnic once the woods regrow
We should turn it into a dagger
See me take out that bot with daggers?
Where did you come from?
I've been here the whole time
Well, we have to go We have an important meeting.
The war council? I'm heading there, too Better hurry, you're gonna be late.
Do we have a new addition to the Best Friends Squad?
Shut up Ugh.
Mermista, Perfuma, Netossa, and Spinerella
Sorry, heh, I think that's my chair
Yeah, don't you find it helpful to shift perspectives sometimes?
Aunt Casta! You made it
I wouldn't miss it, dearest
The first war room of the new alliance How exciting.
Yes It’s a shame you couldn't be at the battle where the alliance was formed.
I knew you'd bring that up again
We have a great deal to discuss Everyone. Please take your seats.
Swift Wind, what news do you bring from your scouting in the west?
The Horde has gained more territory in the west But with the help of Netossa and Spinnerella, our forces have managed to recapture Thaymor. Again.
Netossa and Spinerella happily bump fists
Also, why don't I get a chair? If everyone else has a chair, I want a chair
A chair Of course. I will see to it.
Commander Glimmer, how goes the situation in the Whispering Woods?
I'm happy to report that we are handling bots, and protecting the woods while it regrows Which it is doing. Very. Slowly.
Maybe it's time we stop fighting and start  that energy Maybe we should hold hands and think healing thoughts.
Mermista groans and cringes as Perfuma holds her hand and begins to hum
If I may, Your Majesty We can't go on like this. We're defeating the bots, but more keep coming. While we're using  resources to hold our borders, the Horde hasn't had to deploy a single soldier.
Typical Catra!
I've only been able to recover pieces,  seeing as we have never not completely demolished one of these things But if we could capture a whole bot, I might be able to program a kill switch. We could wipe them all out without draining our forces.
An excellent idea, Bow This could turn the tide for us. Glimmer, you will take your patrol out, and capture a bot for Bow to study and carry out his plan.
Glimmer rises proudly and starts moves to exit the chamber, but Frosta grabs her arm
Commander, I have some ideas to improve our efficiency First, we should all have code names.
I'd like to be Frostbite And you could be Sparklebomb. Second
(interrupting) Oh, uh, Frosta I need you toooo . . . stay back and help Spinnerella and Netossa guard the castle! Great. Thanks!
Glimmer teleports away, to Frosta’s frustration
Inside Hordak's chamber in the Fright Zone, Scorpia displays a map of Horde encampments while Catra narrates
With the woods frozen and the princesses distracted by the bots, we've been able to gain significant new ground
You have not disappointed me, Force Captain Clearly, I was wise to promote you.
Catra sees past Hordak’s chair, where Entrapta is eagerly scuttling back and forth, scrounging around the equipment
(In the background) I'm just gonna borrow this
(In the background) Oh, what is that?
Uh, yes We've kept the princesses distracted, but we could be doing more.
We should be working to take them out, once and for all
Isn't that right, Entrapta? Entrapta!
Oh, right
May I introduce Emily's Kid Sister
EKS for short With First Ones tech at its core, this little beauty has enough power to rival a princess.
After patting it affectionately, she uses a hand blaster to melt a hole in one of its legs After a moment, the metal just grows back, whole again. Entrapta smiles proudly.
Impressive indeed And you can make more of these?
Yes! I mean, no I mean, I could. But I only had enough First Ones tech to make four.
But I know where we can get more
On the edge of the Whispering Woods, Glimmer is leading her mission with Bow and the princesses
Okay We'll split up to cover the most ground. Adora, Bow and I will go east. Mermista and Perfuma, you go west. Swift Wind, cover the sky and tell us when there's a bot nearby.
And, remember, we want an intact bot
What if it's just, like, a little waterlogged?
And also covered in ferns that secrete corrosive poison?
Frosta pops out suddenly from behind Perfuma
Or what if it's totally smashed by my ice hammer?
Frosta!  You're supposed to be defending the castle with Netossa and Spinnerella
I know I ignored orders, but, no offense, those orders were wrong You need me here.
You can't just run off whenever you want
But I did And I'm here now. And I'm not going back.
Fine You can be in Mermista and Perfuma's patrol.
I'm going with you
Don't push your luck
The heroes make their way farther into the woods Hiding behind foliage at the edge of a clearing, they observe one of Entrapta’s new, larger robots, scuttling on its three spiky legs, thoroughly and efficiently scanning the woods around it with the turreted electronic eye atop its halfdome body. Bow eyes it with some trepidation.
Uh, guys? That thing is way more advanced than usual
Where is it going? Why isn't it attacking the woods?
Adora impulsively springs out and attacks the bot, leaping onto its flat upper surface and impaling it with her sword  It shuts down. She taps its turret, and it is still.
It's still just a Horde bot We know how to handle
She is interrupted as the bot suddenly restarts and throws her violently off Her friends hurry up to her, as she shakes herself out of her daze.
Okay  That's new.
The bot approaches and towers above them Glimmer teleports over it, and with a battlecry, slams her staff into its “face.”
Ha!
The Bot reaches up with one of its legs, grabs Glimmer in a pincer, and tosses her into the woods
It's learning!
Yeah, well, I'm about to teach it something For the honor of Grayskull!
Adora transforms to SheRa, and rushes at it, deflecting its energy bolts back at it and relentlessly smashing it with her sword The bot tosses her a distance away, and as she recovers, it flips over, runs at her and smashes down, trapping her on the ground. It then begins to emit a loud alarm sound that echoes through the woods. After a few moments, She-Ra breaks free by kicking the bot high overhead. It lands heavily, its legs shattering. She stands, smiling proudly, facing the others. Bow looks stricken.
What? We'll capture another bot That one had it coming.
Bow looks nervous, eyes wide, pointing behind her
Yeesh I'm sorry I destroyed it.
Bow and Glimmer point, and SheRa turns around to see what they see The robot is repairing itself, actually growing a new limb before their eyes, as they all gasp.
Ooh, that's unnatural Even for a robot.
Three more identical robots suddenly appear, crawling over the hill to surround them Clearly, they have responded to the first robot’s call.
Adora reacts by channeling more power into her sword, which glows brightly and transforms  into an umbrella She-Ra is stares in astonishment, then groans and sags in defeat.
As the nearest bot approaches them, Frosta suddenly jumps out of nowhere on to the bot and smashes it with her icegauntleted fists
Frosta! Do you even  when people tell you things?
What?
Get away from that bot!
It’s the bot you should be worried about!
The bot picks up Frosta and throws her off a cliff
Frosta!
Glimmer teleports to catch her, then teleports both of them safely to the ground
At the same time, the others are surrounded, and all the bots pause, play their beams over them to scan them, then seem to lose interest in them, marching determinedly off in the same direction The trio watches them go, stunned.
Glimmer and Frosta land safely in the part of the forest by Perfuma and Mermista
There you are We've been looking everywhere for you.
Yeah Everywhere.
That was incredibly stupid! You could've gotten hurt, or gotten one of us hurt!
I was just trying to help
This is serious, not a game You need to stop getting in our way!
Glimmer looks instantly regretful, shocked at her own words Frosta starts crying, then runs off.
Frosta, wait
Ouch
Bow, SheRa, and Swift Wind emerge from the edge of the clearing
The Horde's new bots are too fast and too smart We'll never be able to catch one. I thought I could help, and be the Rebellion's tech master. But that was obviously a dumb idea.
It wasn't You're the only one who came up with a real plan. Without it, we'd still just be reacting to the bots. We need to stop letting the Horde manipulate us. So let's put our heads together and think.
They all smile in agreement, then pause, considering together
Those bots weren't interested in the woods And, they only defended themselves long enough to get away.
Well, that means attacking us wasn't their mission
And they all ran off in the same direction
So whatever they're after is that way
The only thing that's in that direction is  the Beacon I know where the bots are going. And I’ve got an idea for how to stop them. Frosta, do you think you can--? Where's Frosta?
I’ll go find her
She finds her, sitting atop a large, lonely boulder, hugging her knees
Come to yell at me more? I just wanted to be your friend
By ignoring us and throwing yourself into danger?
Sorry I don't know how to act I've never had any friends before!
Glimmer teleports to sit beside her
I was eight when I took over the throne It’s kind of hard to make friends when everyone is your sworn subject.
I know how you feel I didn't have any friends before Bow and Adora.
You? Figured everyone would wanna be your friend
Yeah, definitely not everyone And I'm still learning how to be a good friend, too. I’m sorry I yelled. It's just  I guess you remind me of... me. And I can do some really dangerous stuff sometimes.
I remind you of you?
Ugh And I even sounded like my mom when I yelled at you. Please don't make me do that again.
Deal Does that mean we're friends?
Yes And we  I could really use your help.
You want me to come back?! I knew we'd make a great team! So, should I do ice hammers or daggers? You're right, one of each!!
Glimmer groans, but smiles
As Entrapta’s superbots approach the great Beacon, Catra watches, along with Scorpia and Entrapta, through the bot eyes on a monitor screen in Entrapta’s room back at the Fright Zone
That place has enough First Ones tech inside to power a whole armada of robots forever
Ahhh, I want that!
Catra gasps as a huge impact causes the robots to shake and the display to wobble The bots look around, to see Frosta and Glimmer standing nearby.
of you to drop in!
The nearest bot immediately launches to the attack, firing bolts at the duo, who teleport away just in time Then, a mace blindsides the robot, wielded by SheRa, who has just arrived with the others.
Switch things up Keep them guessing.
She concentrates, and her sword becomes a coffee mug of power She groans.
We just need to capture one Take the others out.
Bow fires three arrows at once, skewering the eye of one of the bots Perfuma and Mermista appear, unleashing viny and watery destruction at their foes. Together their forces burst one of the bots. But another lands heavily over them. Mermista groans uncertainly as the bot overshadows them.
Scorpia and Entrapta enthusiastically cheer from their seats on the sofa in the Fright Zone, while Catra glowers darkly, scraping her claw along the arm of the sofa
One bot down, but three to go!
Fight, EKS’s, fight!
As Mermista and Perfuma are pinned down by the bot, Glimmer and Frosta arrive to the rescue, smashing in the turret Perfuma ensnares the bot in creepers, while Glimmer deals the deathblow with her staff.
Showed you, botface!
In the Fright Zone, the display goes dead
Ooh, he is not recovering from that
Ahhhh, I can't look Tell me what's happening. No, don't.
The display switches to another bot’s view, and Catra gasps as a very powerful and determined SheRa fills the screen
The bot strikes, but SheRa flips backwards out of the way, landing on her feet and transforming her sword again -- this time into a length of rope She groans in frustration and berates it.
Why can't you be what I  you to be?!!!
But, she directs her rage to the task at hand, running at the huge bot, tossing the grappleend of the rope to entangle one of its legs, then circling the bot and sliding under it so that it is completely ensnared, whipping the rope and sending the bot tumbling She-Ra looks on it approvingly, clearly impressed with the result.
Hmm
She approaches the bot, climbs atop its dome, and places a boot triumphantly on the head with the glowing eye She speaks directly through the monitor, before smashing in the eye with her fist.
Hey, Catra
They observe on the Fright Zone monitor as SheRa draws back her fist and kills the image with a mighty smash
It’s okay We have two left.
Catra approaches the controls and presses the destruct signal on the bots
Do you  tooooo?
Catra; Whatever We'll find more tech.
SheRa stands atop the smashed bot, happily calling to Bow
Bow, look! I got one
Adora! Get away from it!
It explodes violently, sending SheRa flying  She is dazed as Bow rushes to her aid.
What just happened  . .?
It looks like the bots can selfdestruct
Catra
The bot that is fending off Glimmer and Frosta suddenly stops, standing still with its light blinking and bleeping
We can't let that one selfdestruct!
Everyone together!
Glimmer blasts the robot, knocking it back Then SheRa rushes the bot and punches it half-way up the side of a cliff. Bow groans in dismay.
Whoopsies
Now, it’s Mermista’s and Frosta’s turn
You ready, Ice Princess?
Yeah!!
Mermista sends a wave to sweep and hold the bot in place, and Frosta freezes the water solid Then Perfuma, sends beautiful vines to further stabilize the massive ice spike. Bow leaps on top of the bot, quickly pries open a panel on the side, and removes a large electronic component. The bot goes dead.
Ha, ha!
As the princesses cheer, they suddenly begin to glow, each bathed in the light of one of the colors of the rainbow They stop and look around, wonderingly.
Look!
Around them, the rocky ground is blooming with myriad wild flowers
Whoaaaa! Did we do that?
We , all of us working together!!!
As the others smile in joy, Perfuma runs to embrace Mermista, who gives her a gentle reminder
Personal space
In the hallways of the Fright Zone, a door alarm buzzes as Catra enters Shadow Weaver’s cell, where she lies on the floor, miserably shackled
You look terrible
Catra It's been so long. I assumed Hordak finally realized what a lazy, worthless creature you are and banished you.
Just the opposite Hordak values me. I've been busy helping the Horde get closer than ever to defeating the Rebellion. His words.
If you're doing so well, why are you here? It's Adora, isn't it?
So?! I let her win one We're gaining ground, and our armies are growing! When they're ready to roll out, I will be at the !! And you'll be here rotting.
Catra takes a deep breath, turns away from Shadow Weaver, and composes herself She smiles.
Thanks I needed this.
Back in Bright Moon, in a luxurious room that could be a pampered study, the five princess heroes are gathered Perfuma sits on a large pillow cushion next to Mermista, who sits crosslegged and cross-armed on the floor. Glimmer sits with Frosta on a large sofa/bed tenderly brushing Frosta’s hair, while Adora sits on the other side of Frosta, carefully and expertly bandaging her wrist and hand.
So, we're okay now that the woods are growing back Right?
Light Hope says there's still a lot to fix with the planet, but at least it won't be as easy for the Horde to attack us
Thanks again for saving me, you know, after that bot threw me off the cliff
Friends stick together No princess left behind.
They laugh happily together
Elsewhere, in his room in the Bright Moon Castle, Bow has the disabled (but not destroyed) bot laid out on the floor, and he is recording with his tracker pad as he prepares to study it
Uh, okay I'm talking into this recorder because that's what the best scientist I ever knew did. I'm not really sure who I'm talking to. Me, I guess. So, hi, Future Bow. We're about to open this thing.
With anticipation, he opens the head of the bot and extracts a large crystal, incised with ancient cryptic script To his surprise.
First Ones tech? But the only one who knew how to use that was
Suddenly, realization hits him
Hold onto your hat, Future Bow Entrapta's alive . . . And we left her behind.
Adora's bedroom in Bright Moon
(groaning)
Shadow Weaver reaching for sleepingAdora
Adora (shouts)
Adora.. (moans,collapses)
Shadow Weaver?
theme song plays
Scene changes to Bright Moon's hallway
Double the perimeter,and triple it at the Moonstone No one sleeps until we figure out howShadow Weaver got into the castle.
Why are we stopping here?
This where we're holding theprisoner
This is your prison?
Well, technically it's thespare room, but it is more than adequate as a holding cell Weremoved the cushions. (pause) Most of the cushions.
This is the prison?
Yes, it's the prison
Your Majesty, I know ShadowWeaver I know her tricks. I need to be there for the interrogation,I'm the only one who –
Shadow Weaver is dangerous Iwill not let that woman near you. Near any of you. You are to stayaway from this room.
But, Your Majesty
That is final
Castaspella and Angella enter theprison
I need to get inthere Shadow Weaver could have gone anywhere, but she came here. Ineed to know why. If the queen would just listen to me –
Adora, maybe this is for thebest Shadow Weaver raised you. She knows how to get in your head. Wecan't risk her manipulating you.
That won't happen (yawns) Fine.I guess we should all just head back to bed, get some sleep, heh, letthe obviously unqualified Bright Moon Guards handle this.
Bright Moon Guard (yawns)
You're gonna try and sneak in,aren't you?
What? No (chuckles) (pantingwhile running)
No! (Glimmer teleports Adora)
Scene changes to inside Bright Moonprison
Where –? where am I?(magical shield thrums at her touch) (She grunts)
You're in the Bright Moonprison
This is a prison?
Why does everyone keep –? Ofcourse, this is a prison (groans)
You must be Glimmer'smother I can tell the the way your voice grows shrill when youscream.
How dare you?
Shadow Weaver You willanswer for the crimes you committed during the time as my brother'steacher.
Oh, yes Sweet, talentedMicah.
You will not speak his name
I'm not the one who gothim killed
Angella (snarls)
Shadow Weaver (coughs)
Tell us why you are here
I have vital informationto defeat the Horde, but I will only speak to Adora
Scene changes to the Fright Zone
(security alarm blaring, gate clangsopen)
Catra (gasping)
Catra! Catra, I found you
Scorpia? How did you get inhere?
Oh, boy It was quite theheist.  (humming) Fright Zone guard (screams) aftershe threw him
Very highlevel, dangerousstuff Now come on, I'm busting you out. We don't have a lot of timebefore –
Before what?
Uh.. Hordak. He's called anassembly to witness you punishment. But I'm sure it's – It'sprobably nothing, but whatever it is, I won't let it happen. I'mgonna get you out of here. Gosh, these buttons are tiny. Just sosmall. Ah, hit the wrong one. (laughs) Okay, just a second. Oh,shoot, not that one.
Stop it I never stood a chance.I did everything right. I thought I could prove myself, but itdoesn't matter what I do, I don't get to win. Shadow Weaver wasright.
She's not right Don't give upyet. I can save you.
You really care, don't you?
Of course, I care You'reCatra. You're our leader, You're... You're my friend. You'reeverything to me.
Caring about people iswhat got me into this mess Get our of here, or they'll take you downwith me.
What?
Are you stupid? I said, leaveGuards!
Scene switches to Glimmers bedroom,Bright Moon
The trio in Glimmer's bed, Glimmerasleep Bow and Adora facing each other. Adora's eyes close, Bow'seyes close. Adora opens eyes, sneaks out.
Adora!(transports with Adora)
Adora climbing Bright Moon's castlewall Glimmer (transports)
(clears throat) I'm, uh, here to relive you of your duty (shouts,chuckles)
Glimmer (transports) (transports withAdora)
In Glimmer's room
Look, I told you, I just need totalk to her
Ugh, Adora, Shadow Weaver willtry to hurt you again
You don't know that
Yes, I do She's from theHorde. She's evil. Evil people don't change.
I'm from the Horde I changed.
That's different You're not likethem. You're good, and kind, and –
And SheRa? (sword thrums) I wasjust like the rest of them, and then I left Not because I picked upthis Sword, but because it was the right thing to do. I have tobelieve that the others can change too, even Shadow Weaver. Just –Just trust me, okay? I'm strong enough to face her now. I need toknow if she's truly changed. If the woman who raised me still hassome good deep down inside her. Deep, deep down inside her.
We trust you, but we won't let youface her alone Now, what do you need us to do?
Scene changes to the prison
Now for the last time,tell us what you know (truth spell hums)
I know that when youcast a truth spell, you should make sure you've drawn it correctlySloppy work. Are you sure you're Micah's sister?
(growls)
She's trying to get under ourskin
You could spare yourselfthe trouble if you would just let me talk to Adora
No, you've put that girlthrough enough Now tell us the truth. Why did the Horde send youhere? What are you planning?
You thinkHordak sent me? I escaped from Hordak and paid the price for it
You're.. You're dying, aren'tyou?
Angella, can I speak withyou for a moment? (they enter the hallway) This isn't working We'vetried everything, and her condition is growing worse. Perhaps weshould let Adora –
That is not going to happen
You guys go in I'll distractthem.
Glimmer (teleports Adora)
We should consult with thePrincess Alliance before we go further
Your Majesties Hey. So, who wantsto see a magic trick?
Adora
Listen up, lady After allyour kidnapping and mindwiping, I am just looking for a reason toserve up a little payback. So, if you do anything to hurt Adora –
Glimmer I've to this.
Look at you, my Adora
You snuck into Bright Moon Why?That's the only reason we're speaking.
To see you You are theonly one I can trust. I've missed you, my child.
We're past that Try again.
Clever You always were.From the moment I laid eyes on you, I know you were different. Youwere
Special? No What you alwaystold me was that I didn't matter. I was special only as long as Iobeyed you. Why are you here?
Shadow Weaver (coughing)
What? What's happening to you?
It took all of mymagical power to come to you I am dying, Adora.
You're lying
Adora I don't think she is.
For the Honor of Grayskull
Shadow Weaver (gasps)
I don't know why you're here,but I won't let you suffer like this I'm going to heal you, ShadowWeaver, and then you will answer our questions. Do we have a deal?
Adora, you don't know how toheal
I can figure it out She'll dieif I don't.
Maybe I can help I wasonce a teacher of magic in Mystacor. I trained your father, Princess.I can help you control your magic, Adora but first... you must trustme.
Fine, but in return, you trustme Trust that I'm not stupid. Trust that I'll see right through yourmind games. Stop lying for once and trust me with the truth.
Scene changes to Hordak's lab
Hordak (yells)
Hordak, great I've got a lotto cover with you today. I've integrated the First Ones tech from theNorthern Reach to our portal machine, but we're still missingsomething. Luckily, I just picked up a signal. It's some sort ofFirst Ones message. I don't know what these other words are, but thisone's easy. It means “portal”. It could be the missing somethingwe're looking for. Where's Catra? We should send her out ASAP.
Catra is no longer a concern ofyours She's been sent to Beast Island.
I'm confused As you can seethe overall productivity of the Horde has increased by 400 percentsince Catra has been you secondin-command. And look at this chart.
Hordak (grunts)
The evidence shows that FirstOnes tech has gotten us closer than ever to creating a workingportal Catra has been incredibly successful at getting the new techfor us. And this latest signal is coming for here, the Crimson Waste.We don't have a moment to spare. We need Catra.
It is meaningless I'mnot going to squander troops on a lifeless wasteland. This discussionis over.
Entrapta (sighs)
scene changes to Bright Moon Prison
You are a Princess, so,you have a Runestone Yours dwells there, within your sword. With it,you channel the elemental magic of Etheria. Let it flow through thesword and into you. You must learn to concentrate. Focus your power.
I've tried thisbefore I can't get it to work. What do I do? Point the sword at you,or what?
Calm down Yourfrustration will cause the energy you produce to become destructiveif you're not careful. There must be peace in your mind if you are toheal. Come closer and allow me to help you.
Magical barrier pulses
Glimmer (gasps)
You are afraid, butrefuse to admit it Afraid of your power, of it spiraling out ofcontrol. Let yourself feel it, then move past it. (coughs) You aregreater than your fear.
Sword of Protection and SheRa thrum
Wow
What are you doing?
I'm sorry I tried.
Shadow Weaver (gasps)
Everyone (exclaims)
Sword of Protection pulses, SheRatransforms into Adora
Adora!
I told you both to stay out ofhere
She's SheRa mom What do youexpect me to do?
I held up my end Now you holdup yours. Why are you here?
You want thetruth? I have nowhere left to go Catra betrayed me. Hordak cast measide. I want to take them down. And helping you is the best way todo it. Hordak has been working for years to build a machine capableof opening a portal through the fabric of space. He intends to bringthe rest of the Horde's armies through this portal and use them toconquer Etheria, once and for all.
Armies? There's more of theHorde?
A force so large, youcannot even comprehend it You have struggled to hold off Hordak'spaltry troops for years. You will stand no chance against the fullmight of the Horde.
What makes yo think he's closeto finishing this portal machine now?
Because he has somethinghe didn't have before A Princess who knows how to combine First Onestechnology with the Horde's machines.
Entrapta That's why she's beenafter all that First Ones tech.
How stupid do you think weare? She knows the Horde is losing, and she's trying to scare us Portals to other worlds? It's ridiculous.
I know how this mustsound We on Etheria have no concept of a universe beyond our reach.And yet, the evidence stands before us.
Me?
Hordak succeeded oncebefore Years ago, he opened a portal. It was only for a moment. Andin that, a child came through.  Thatchild was you, Adora. You were brought through a portal from anotherworld.
What?
Leave her alone You're lying,we all know it. You lie about everything.
I gain nothing fromlying Adora is different from us. Do you think just anyone couldbring a dying woman back to life? Not quite the reunion you pictured,is it? Perhaps yo would have preferred the comfort of lies.
I think that's quiteenough
Don't listen to her, Adora
Adora (gasps) runs away
Where are you going? Adora?
Scene switches to the Whispering Woods
Swift Wind (whinnies)
Scene switches to the Crystal Castle
Door whooshes open
Light Hope I know you're here.
Greetings, Adora I was notexpecting you for training today. But this shows an uptick in youdedication.
You said you've been watching mesince I was an infant So, you must know what I really am. Where Icame from.
Light Hope (trills)
Answer me!
It is true You are not ofEtheria.
Why didn't you tell me?
Explain Why are you askingabout events in you own memory banks?
My what?
Why are you asking for theclarification of events you witnessed?
I was a baby Babies don'tremember things.
Interesting I shall make anote of this.
Light Hope, where did I comefrom?
Crystal Castle panels whoosh
Adora (gasps)
This is the portal that you came through, Adora (portalwhirs, baby Adora crying) The Horde stole you, turned you into asoldier for their war. I could not stop them. So, I watched andwaited for the day I could unite you with the Sword.
The Sword These powers.
The First Ones came frombeyond the stars They made the sword so that it would only respondto one of their own kind.
I'm.. I'm a First One?
You are upset I do notunderstand.
Did I have a family? Could I goback? A portal brought me here, could a portal take me.. Home?
When Mara cut us off fromthe rest of the universe, she destroyed our portal capabilitiesAttempting to open on now would have devastating consequences.
Mara She must have come fromthe same place I did. Why did she do it?
It is irrelevant This isyour home now. As SheRa, you –
You aren't listening to me!
You are behavingerratically To bear the power of SheRa is an honor.
Don't I get a say in whathappens to me? Don't I get a choice?
No This is you destiny.You do not choose. You were chosen. Adora. Adora. Where are yougoing? It is happening again.
Scene changes to Glimmer's bedroom
We shouldn't have ever let hertalk to Adora I can't even imagine what she must be feeling.
Adora (opens door)
Ah Adora.
Are you okay?
I'm not sure yet But I think Iknow what I have to do. My hole life, people have been hiding thetruth from me. So, I'm gonna look for answers myself. Mara startedall of this when she stranded Etheria. She's the only clue we haveabout portals, and... And me. I'm going to the Crimson Waste. I'mgoing to follow the message from Mara. I know it's incrediblydangerous, but this is my choice. You don't have to come with me.
Adora Of course we're goingwith you.
You think you could get us to staybehind if you tried?
All (chuckling)
scene switches to Hordak's throne room
I want you all to watch andlearn There is nothing I do not know. Nothing I am not willing to doto punish those who betray my trust. Your former Force Captain hasproven to be compromised, ineffective, and worthless. To the rest ofyou, take a lesson from this. This is what happens to failures.
You're the failure
All (gasp)
You need me, just likeyou needed Shadow Weaver, because you have no idea how to run thisplace All you know how to do is hide in your lab. Maybe that's whyyou can't defeat a group of teenagers.
Oh, Catra..
Save you littlespeech There has been a change of plan.
Hi, Catra I saved your life.You're welcome. (chuckles)
I don't understand
Entrapta has interceded on yourbehalf You should be thanking her. Instead of the many punishments Iintended, you are being sent to retrieve First Ones tech for us –in the Crimson Waste.
The Crimson Waste? It's a totaldead zone Nothing survives out there.
Exactly
Catra (gasps)
end credits roll
So, where's Glimmer again? Didn't she call us here?
Uh, I'm sure she'll be here soon
You're all here! Good Just one second.
Glimmer..
Oh, I see She's really taking this queen stuff seriously.
As part of my new antiHorde strategy, I'm sending you , Adora, Bow and Huntara  on a mission to retrieve Mara's ship from the Crimson Waste Then, Bow will repair it and then we'll have a spaceship! Take that, Horde.
Uh, Glimmer?
What?
The Crimson Waste is a desert Doesn't Mermista need, like, water to use her powers?
Oh, good point Be right back!
She gonna do that all the time now?
Oh, definitely
Did I hear the queen? She's needed in the defence meeting immediately
Oh! Hello, everyone What a wonderful...  …interruption to my morning meditation, and to see so much of our beautiful planet before I've had my daily tea ceremony.
Sorry, I may have gotten a little lost on the way  But, like I was saying, the Waste has tons of plants which you can use to bring the ship back!
The C.. the Crimson Waste?
That's the one! As my first act as queen, I'm sending you all on the mission while I…  …stay back and do important queen duties
Hey! Leave it all to us! It'll probably be a boring mission anyway
Queen Glimmer, you are extremely late for your next meeting
Oh! We'll go the fun way
So.. this is, like, your kingdom?
I'm not a princess
Still, it must be nice to be home Do you miss it?
I left Now I'm back.  No need to make a big thing out of it.
Mmhm!
You, um, make flowers?
I control all plants Watch.
Uhhuh
It's just something I'm blessed to be able to
Uhhuh Blessed.  If we run into trouble, is Flower Girl gonna be able to handle herself?
Oh, Perfuma? Oh yeah, she's a demon in battle
Plus, I got this!
A bracelet?
No  This is how I'll carry my sword from now on!  It's pretty great, right?
I know you trained with the Horde, too, but I think all this time with the princesses has made you soft
Soft? Are you serious? I'm as tough as ever I bet I can beat you to the ship.
Never gonna happen
Here, lemme help
What are you..?
I'm trying to expand my arsenal with new tech What do you think?
Why would you have an arrow for this? It just seems like there are easier ways!  Your intention was kind Thank you.
Wanna talk about it?
I'm really trying to be zen about this, but if I'm being honest, and I always try to speak my truth, I just don't get cacti! They're just so rough and unfriendly!
Well.. maybe if you give cacti a chance, you'll find that under that rough surface, she's a really great friend!
Huh?
Uh.. this cacti thing is about Huntara, right?
What? No, I really mean cacti They're the one plant I can't control or keep alive and everyone says they're so easy,  but you still have to water them, and I always underwater then over-water and I...
That's better I'm... I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I greet each dawn with a centring morning ritual to make sure I am my best self but today my ritual was interrupted. And now I am here. Surrounded by cacti. Cacti that hate me.  How am I ever gonna use them to move the ship?
Uh.. that may not matter.
I can't I can't believe the Horde took the ship Also  I could've run more.
could've run more
Gosh, well, I guess we'll just have to come back another time
Yep, I'm ready
Sorry…  it’s my pad I souped it up so Glimmer can check in.
No
Well…
Hang up Bow
There’s a small problem…
whispering] Turn it off No, Bow. Stop it.
great!  But we, um, have to go do more mission stuff now! Talk later!
There’s no reason to worry her We’ll find the ship!
in the Waste
the Horde
We could also, you know, just… follow these
Oh, of course I should have known!
Uh… should you though? Because I don’t see anything
Oh well, we tried!
Don’t give up yet, Flower Girl  The Valley of the Lost. It's a smuggler's haven and my home.
How are we supposed to find anything in there?
can hide from me in this valley
Come back here!
No!  Shh Catra’s goons are here.
goons I just never got a chance to fire them. I’ll fix that now.
Maybe it’s best to avoid confrontation?
You afraid to fight, Flower Girl?
No, Perfuma’s right If they’re here there are sure to be others, we’ll be outnumbered.
fighting
Understood But finding the ship is our mission.
They went this way, over here!
with Horde soldiers And we still don’t know where the ship is!
know who can help
intact so Hordak can make new weapons
Oh, I am so sorry about that That this isn’t what I want to be happening right now! Okay, sorry, sorry.
That was fast
What, did you miss me already?
Just… don’t drop anything else
Nah, these guys look like they’ve got it covered  I’d rather hang out in here with you.
What is going on?
of paperwork at some point
Yeah, being quiet now
Who are you and what exactly are you trying to pull?
Are you sure we can trust her contact?
You scared?
Of course not
Good, ‘cause we’re here
for this junk?
a small halfsmile with her eyebrows slightly furrowed]
You shouldn't be here It’s not safe. Hurry!
Grox, what’s going on? Where’s the rest of the gang?
with Horde scum since you left  Can’t turn without running into them, interfering with business.
Things here haven’t been easy  You’re a real sight for small eyes.
You too Grox, I need your help. We’re looking for a ship
And I’ve got just the thing to help
Aha Found it.  Now, before I do this, Huntara, I need you to remember one thing.  One very important thing you forgot.
This is the Crimson Waste Trust no one.
I’ve got the rebel intruders!
They’re in there! Come on!
Leave her We have to go.
I’ll be back for you
what you’re good at
They went out the back!
Looks like there’s no avoiding a fight now, Princess
For the honour of Grayskull!
Perfuma, cactus Block off this alley so they can’t surround us.
You can do this You can do this!
Ow, ow! Ugh, I can’t do this!
Run!
Bow! Turn it off!
Can’t talk! We’re being chased through a smuggler’s den right now!
Quiet that thing!
I’m gonna have to call you back
Pleasure to meet you  The name’s Double Trouble, and I’m about to become your new best friend.
with best friends
do you want from me?
being me!
in my character
you
I gotta sit down
This is what you really look like?
as costumes  For a price.
Huh So it’s money you’re after.
I’ll just take my business to the other side!
How exactly are you planning on doing that?
I have a knack for getting out of tight spots
What?
And you can change into anyone? Anytime?
Rebels, in the valley!
Perfuma, what happened out there?
Ow! Ah!  I hate cacti!  There, I said it! I love and honour  of negative energy!
Well, it wasn’t always like this! It used to be a great place, where an honest criminal could carve out a life
Well, it’s terrible now!
I know!
Ouch!
Yeah, but just because we were running from the Horde And now we’re hiding from the Horde. Also, the Horde has Mara’s ship.
Sorry!
We totally have it under contr
Wait, wait, wait, Glimmer, don’t
We can’t wait for Glimmer The Horde’s probably going to take the ship, or whatever they can get from it, back to the Fright Zone.
I think I know how to find it  We’ll use this!
Horde badges have tracking devices built in That’s how they found Catra when we…  …kidnapped her.  I can hack into their system and see where all of the Horde soldiers are in the valley!  They’re sure to be with the ship.
And there’s our ship
I have a plan But it’s gonna depend on you, Perfuma.
We should probably come up with a different plan, then
here right now
Or me You rescued me from the Fright Zone.
flower girl
to leave my home, I was wrong about Grox, and I hope I’m wrong about you, because we need your help
help?
For the honour of Grayskull!
Hello
Hey!  Careful with the goods
Ugh, focus! Um, uh…  Right? Do it with me  You got it! Alright.  Yeah, yeah.
I’m not strong enough to lift this by myself  I don’t have to be! We’re underground!
You’re just noticing that now?
You know what else is underground? Roots!
These cacti have the most powerful root system I’ve ever seen!  I was so wrong about them
Flower Girl!
We have a problem!
I’ve got something more important to do It was fun distracting you, though.
Oh!
How did she get out of that?
Yeah!
Yes, we did it!
I’m sorry I doubted you
It’s alright We were all on a journey of personal growth today. I was so wrong to insult your home… it turns out cacti have flowers too.
Hey, you didn’t save any bad guys for me! I made it here as soon as I could, I only got a little lost… in the ocean  Aw. You should’ve waited for me.
Sorry… but we did get the ship! Your first mission as queen is a success!
Hm
Queen Glimmer, I need to stay, and take the waste back for the rebellion and for my people I won’t abandon my home again.
Aw, say no, Glimmer! I’ve gotten fond of this desert rose
Let anyone hear you calling me that and I’ll throw you into another exploding cactus
Ugh, I don’t get it!
Eh, you had to be there
Wow!  Bravo!
Oh, stop  Did you really like my audition?
“Like” doesn’t cover it
Well, I could’ve used more time to prepare  Really… get into your skin.
I grew up with Adora, and you fooled her  If you can do that, we can do anything.  This is gonna be fun.
scene opens in Dryl
The cities forces have all fled Dryl is ours.
All right I mean I guess it, kind of, was already ours since they're Princess is on our side and all, but the banners, they really make it feei official.
Where are you?
That is a great question and the answer is "I do not know" Yea, this place is some kind of maze.
(sighs) There That's me. Follow it out when you're done. And hurry up we have work to do.
theme song plays
in the Crystal Castle
SheRa (grunting as she battles EKS in a simulation)
Whewh, getting pretty good huh?
You have shown improvement But your attack would have been 57% more effective if you had support from your steed. It is time to bring Swift Wind into your training.
Um, shouldn't I work on mastering my own abilities first?
As SheRa, your sacred connection with your steed is as important as any of your physical abilities He is a part of you, your destinies are intertwined.
They sure are! Hi, Adora! I've been here a while but there wasn't a good time for me to make my grand entrance, until now
I requested his presence The time has come for the two of you to forge your sacred (glitching noises)
scene changes to Bright Moon's castle
What do you mean? "Entrapta's alive"?
I couldn't figure out how the Horde was making such big technological advances But it all makes sense now. They must be holding Entrapta prisoner. I found First Ones tech in this bot. This is what Entrapta was experimenting on before she...
Before we left her behind in the Fright Zone
We didn't know
It doesn't matter We should have gone back for her. We should've tried. She got captured trying to save us. Well, we're not just leaving her there now. We've got to rescue her.
How? We can't just walk into the Fright Zone That's how we got in this mess in the first place.
Maybe we don't have to Look.
No, the Horde took Dryl
We just got word The Horde has Entrapta, now they have Dryl. The timing can't be a coincidence.
Of course They're making her use her own lab.
We're going to Crypto Castle, we'll find Entrapta and bring her back No Princess left behind.
Yes! Totally on board Let's get Adora.
Adora is out training with Light Hope
What about the other Princesses?
Entrapta got taken trying to save us, Bow I'm not going to be responsible for losing anyone else.
scene shift to the Crystal Castle
Uhhh, Light Hope?
Did I break her? Was it when I went through her head?
(bang!) Swift Wind and Adora (exclaim)
The time has come for the two of you to forge your sacred bond I -- Is there something wrong?
Well, I, yea You kind of froze there for a second.
Are you okay?
Forgive me, my system is overloading I may have to delay today's training so that I can rest.
Is there anything that I can do to help?
Perhaps This is the Watchtower. Once it allowed me to access my planetary mainframe. But it was destroyed by Mara when she lost control and attacked the planet. I have been functioning at only a fraction of my power ever since. If you can repair the Watchtower, my capabilities will improve, and training can commence.
Fix the Watchtower, got it
Only then  (glitching noises)
Okay, so we're just gonna.. We're just gonna go.
scene change to Dryl
Any sign of Entrapta in the castle?
Nothing And as usual that place is impossible to navigate.
(yawns)
(communications pad beeps)
Hello? Please say you're on your way back I need backup! Entrapta's new invention has lost it!
Bot #437 seems to be having some sort of existential crisis Down, boy, down! (screaming)
Pull it together Kyle, you're fine
Stop it! Please, why are you doing this to me?
Entrapta, she's really alive
And they're hurting her
Wait!
Where is she?
Catra (grunting and shouting)
Scorpia and Glimmer (grunting and shouting)
Bow and Catra (grunting and shouting)
Glimmer we've got to get out of her now!
Get them!
Glimmer (exclaiming)
Wait Isn't this where we started?
I hate this place!
I see the rebels have sent their finest (laughs)
Glimmer and Catra (grunting and shouting)
Bow!
Glimmer, wake up!
What did you just do to me?
(all thudding)
Get back
(hisses)
scene change to near the Watchtower
Adora and Swift Wind, on an adventure Fix'n a thing that Mara broke. When she went nuts.
Swift Wind, could you not do that?
Just trying to keep us entertained while we look for this Watchtower  Any sign of it?
There's nothing here but grass Maybe Light Hope got the location wrong.
No, I don't think she did I definitely sense something here, something ancient and magical.
Where?
I'm not sure Perhaps if we were to combine our efforts, my intuitive powers might increase.
No that's ok I just, just have to keep looking. It has to be here somewhere.
I could be wrong, but I'm sensing something's bothering you
I'm just really focused on fixing Light Hope Like you should be.
No, you're troubled about something else As your magnificent steed I am attuned to your emotions.
Okay, can you stay out of my head, please?
I'm not in your head You're just very bad at hiding your feelings. Is it about me?
I'm fine and no, it's not about you
Is it Bow? Glimmer? Catra? The Horde? The crushing weight of your new responsibilities as the savior of Etheria?
Stop I'm fine, I promise. Just... let me think.
Okay I'm gonna do a few loopde-loops.
Hey! Swift Wind
What's up?
I think I found the Watchtower
scene switches to somewhere between Dryl and Bright Moon
We took a hostage! We're supposed to be the good guys Maybe we should just let her go...
Let her go? Did she let us go? No! She let the Horde torture us
Uh, yeah, because she's a bad guy
Listen We didn't mean for this to happen. But it did, and now we should use it to our advantage. We're taking you to Bright Moon. If your people want you back they'll have to give us Entrapta.
Entrapta? Who's that?
We know you have her! Where is she? What are you doing to her?
Glimmer
Ohhh, Entrapta You mean the Princess you left behind to die? Ha. Don't worry. We're taking good care of her.
On your feet Horde scum
Whoops I can't walk. Unless you want to untie me.
Nice try I'll just teleport us there.
Uh, Glimmer, can I talk to you real quick? Bright Moon is pretty far away Shouldn't you wait until we get closer to teleport us there? You don't want to run out of power and get us stuck out here. Especially with her.
Fine
scene switches to the Watchtower
Swift Wind and Adora (gasp)
Wow Mara really did a number on this place.
So, let's put it back together For the Honor of Grayskull!
Adora (sighs)
(singing) SheRa and Swift Wind Forging a sacred bond. Fixing a magic tower. With a magical sword.
scene switches to Bow, Catra, Glimmer
Catra (grunts)
Hey, are you okay?
Like you care
We do, actually The Rebellion treats it's prisoners with compassion.
You princesstypes have to be about the bleeding hearts Everything with you is about the power of friendship. How's that working out for you?
Come on I bet even the Horde has friends. What about Adora?
Catra (scoffs)
You two grew up together, right? What was she like as a kid?
Catra (snarls)
Glimmer and I have known each other forever too She'd teleport to the roof to get my lost arrows when I was learning to shoot.
Wow, you two must be really close? Sounds like Glimmer would do anything for you, huh?
Absolutely She's my best friend.
Good to know
(scoffs)
(yells)
Bow!
(continues yelling)
Oh, hey princess
How are you such a nightmare?!
Ah, years of practice
Can we please discuss this when we're not hurtling to our deaths?
You know what? I'm ready to see if cats really do land on their feet?
Please don't do that, she is attached to me! Glimmer!
(scoffs) Okay
Catra (coughing)
Not a fan of water huh? Get off of me!
Glimmer! Help!
Glimmer (groans)
Okay, ready to be rescued from this whenever you are
Just need a minute to rest
Um, what could you do with ten seconds?
Seriously? You guys are terrible at this
Glimmer (groans)
all (thudding)
At least we're all in one piece Can't say the same for Entrapta.
Glimmer (shouts)
Glimmer, are you ok?
Aww What's wrong? Sleepy after all that magic?
I'm fine You're not worth my time. C'mon, it's a long walk to Bright Moon. Put more ropes on her.
Catra's combadge beeps
scene changes to Dryl
What do you mean there's no sign of her? Where could they have gone? Think, think Scorpia Do we tell Hordak? Send out a searchparty? Put up posters? How are we gonna find Catra? I mean if somebody has touched a hair on her head, I don't know... huh?
comtablet beeps
(gasps) Oh, she's signaling us We can follow this right to her. Catra, you beautiful genius, I'm coming!
scene switches to the Watchtower
Try concentrating Focus the SheRa. She-Ra...
I can't concentrate when you're distracting me! This worked in Salineas
Hey, you know what might help?  Loopde-loops, with me Get on my back.
Swift Wind, you're not taking this seriously
I'm just saying everything's better with loopde-loops
It's fine, I got this
Swift Wind (whinnies)
Still got this
scene changes back to Bow, Glimmer and Catra
I don't know about you guys, but I'm beat Getting held hostage is so much work. (yawns) Almost as exhausting as torturing Entrapta every day.
Uhg Just ignore her.
You're looking pretty tired too princess Running out of glitter?
Bow, can't you keep her mouth shut?
I tried, but she bites
How did Adora take years of this? She didn't run away from the Horde, she ran away from you
And where is she now? Off being SheRa? Get used to it You think she's not going to leave you behind, too, Sparkles?
Don't move!
scene changes to Swift Wind and SheRa
How's that look?
You know what? I don't think that one goes there after all In fact, it might be upside down. Maybe you should take it all apart and start again? You seem stressed. Why don't we list all our favorite things until we feel better? I'll go first. Apples, hay, toppling unjust hierarchies, apples... Wait, I said that already.
What are you doing?
I'm helping! I'm SheRa's steed and that's what I do
This isn't helping! Can you just..
Adora!
scene switches to Bow and the rest
Catra, are you okay? Did they hurt you? I will crush them
She's fine We want to make a trade. We'll release Catra if you release Entrapta.
I have a better trade You release me right now or we'll finish Entrapta off once and for all.
What?
She's bluffing
Scorpia, get Kyle on the comm
No, no, no! Wait! Oh no
Force Captain, I knew you'd call me back What do I do?
If you don't hear back from me in thirty seconds, take Entrapta out
What?
Just relax We'll figure this out. Everything's okay.
Two can play at that game
Catra! If you touch her again..
Easy there Big Gal, she's not going to try anything They're noble rebels after all. They play by the rules.
Glimmer (shouting)
Glimmer, stop!
This isn't fair  After everything she's done? After what she did to us? We're just supposed to let her go? How do we know they'd really get rid of Entrapta, Bow? They need her.
We can't take that chance We're not them.
Oh Oh! Come here! Come on. I'm just so glad this nightmare is over.
Wow I didn't think you'd actually buy that.
We held up our end of the bargain Now, show us that Entrapta's alive.
You and Adora are perfect for each other, I'll give you that Earnest, naive, ridiculously easy to manipulate. It's adorable. And it's why you're never going to win. (comm tablet beeps) Kyle, if you actually took me seriously just then, call it off.
Kyle isn't available at the moment
Kyle (shouting)
But I've got it under control Don't worry, this was just the prototype. The next model will be much, much bigger.
Entrapta? What's going on?
Oh hey You wanna talk to her?
Oh, hi Bow What are you doing there?
Just hang on Entrapta, we're going to rescue you
Oh good! Rescue me from what?
From the Horde!
Oh, well, that's nice of you But all of my stuff is here now, so probably I'll just stay. Thanks anyway though.
Entrapta, are you on the Horde's side now?
I'm on the side of science But I am living at the Fright Zone now, and the Horde is supplying me with tools and materials for my work. So, yes? I guess?
Did I forget to mention that? Ha Oops.
But don't worry about me I love it here. I've made unbelievable progress in my research. And the Horde has been so supportive. I'm getting closer every day to unraveling the mysteries of Etheria. Hacking the Black Garnet was just the first step.
That was you?
So much for the power of friendship
Come on Glimmer, lets go Glimmer?
Glimmer (grunts)
scene switches to Swift Wind and Adora
Adora! Adora! Are you okay?
I don't know what I'm doing I don't even know what this Watchtower is supposed to do or how it's supposed to help.
If that's the case then why are you doing all of this anyway?
I need to be a better SheRa than Mara I need to know how to control my powers so I don't hurt people like she did. Light Hope is the only one that can teach me, and she's broken.
You're really freaking out about this Mara thing aren't you?
How could I not? She ruined everything And I don't know how to fix it.
I'm sorry I didn't take this mission more seriously The truth is, I'm just so excited to be your steed. I guess I just got carried away.
I'm sorry I dragged you into this with me You were just a horse before I accidentally zapped you with my sword. If it we'rent for me, you would've been able to live out the rest of your days carefree in a nice pasture in Thaymore.
Adora, I wouldn't trade my voice and my wings for anything I've got the chance to change the world now. To make it better than when I found it. I can't imagine ever going back. Can you?
No I don't think I can.
scene switches to Bow and company
Glimmer (grunting and shouting)
Catra (laughing)
Glimmer (shouting)
Glimmer!
Forget the princess, she's got no power! Get him!
I'm not as naive as you think Turns out I saved a little magic, just for you! (blows a raspberry)
Scorpia (shouting)
Catra (screams)
No!
Glimmer (sighs)
scene switches to Swift Wind and Adora
Swift Wind (gasps)
Is this..?
Our sacred bond?
Watchtower (thrums)
This is it This is what I've been sensing. This is the epicenter.
SheRa destroyed this place, now it's up to She-Ra to fix it For the honor of Grayskull!
Watchtower (thruming)
SheRa (gasps)
Don't worry, I got this Loopde-loops!
Woohoo! (chuckles) Wow!
Not a bad team Looks like we're getting the hang of this.
scene switches to the Crystal Castle
Then I will be back to operation.. My sensors indicate they fixed it. Good.
Scene switches to Bright Moon, Glimmer's room
At least we know for sure that Entrapta's alive, and working for the Horde, making weapons to wipe us out
Hey guys You'll never guess what Swift Wind and I did today. We restored a First Ones' Watchtower so Light Hope can balance the planet, and we brought a whole field back to life and... What happened to you?
Oh Adora, we've got a lot to catch you up on
Hi, Catra! Did you have a nice nap?
Why is this taking so long? You said there was a First Ones weapon here Where is it?
I never said "weapon", I said there's a piece of First Ones tech buried deep under the ice  and a  powerful one at that! With the energy levels we picked up, it must have been part of the First Ones supercomputer
Just..keep digging.  Hordak is not going to be happy if we waste his time and come back emptyhanded.
A scientist never returns emptyhanded  There's always data!
I'm not here freezing my tail off for data Find me something useful, or we're packing up and heading home.  This place gives me the creeps.
The Dragon's Daughter Five! She cuts a fine line on the sea, does she not?
Wait, what happened to the Dragon's Daughter Four? ..Oh, oh, oh! Was it  ?
No Termites. I couldn't save the old girl.  Anyway, I'm honored to be a part of another daring mission for the Rebellion!
Well, you know, we needed a boat to get up here, and you..have a boat.
Yes, I do!  Truth be told, I was..glad to have something to do. Mermista canceled our plans this week and she's hanging out with her other friends, and didn't invite me to join, I...
Well..let this mission distract you from all that. ...We've received reports of Horde activity from the Northern Reach. They've set up some kind of outpost, but we have no idea know why.
The Northern Reach is nothing but snow and ice What could they possibly be doing?
I don't know, but it can't be good
Okay, Scorpia, get your head in the game, alright? You've got this You and Catra have a special bond, and deep down in her heart  she knows that.
Scorpia, good, you're here
Yes, I am
now
So, I've been thinking, and..I know you've been  busy and focused on your career, lately, but...would you...ever want to...you know, like ...hang out sometime? ...With me?
What are you talking about? We are hanging out Right now.
Yes Totally. Totes. But uh, what I meant was  outside of office hours? You know we could  I don't know, umm...play a board game or...do some other type of bonding  activity?
time I deployed it, it ended up infecting my robots with some kind of..murdervirus.
You brought along a , and not a blanket?
Oh, it does other things, too For example, when it infected SheRa, she lost her powers.  Also, she got very floppy.
A SheRa off-switch, huh? Why didn't you say something sooner?
So, anyway, in non..SheRa business,  when I said we could do something--
Uhoh
What?
It's just a small bump I'm sure it's fine, but...our drilling bots have gone offline. All of them. At once.  ....Come on! We should go check this out.
I hate this place
Come to think of it, Mermista never invites me to hang out with her other friends I mean,  am I not enough, for them? I'm so cool. I'm Sea Hawk!
What's wrong? Did you see something?
No, I think there's something else out here
You know, they say all sorts of strange things happen in the Northern Reach ...I am cool, right? I am. Right?
My tracker pad's been on the fritz ever since that rogue communications hub messed with it I'm having trouble pinpointing the Horde's location.
Worry not We'll follow our  !  This way!
Or, there's this new signal, now It's big. It looks like a First Ones tech signature.
where the Horde will be
Ah! Here we go Well...the drilling bots are gone.
What? They just disappeared into thin air?
Maybe there's scientific truth about the rumors of strange happenings in this region..
We weren't down there to
Catra
It's been awhile
Hey, Adora
You're pretty far from the front line I guess Shadow Weaver's keeping you away from the action since you the Battle of Bright Moon.
Shadow Weaver?  Wow I always forget how clueless you are.
We're here to take back this land It's time for you to go back to the Fright Zone.
You want us to go?! Try and make us
My pleasure
Adventure!
This is not how this night was supposed to go!
Hey, while we're here, would you describe me as cool? Be honest, now
Potentially!
Entrapta! Whatever you're doing here has to stop! You don't understand the forces you're messing with!
I know! That's the fun of it!
Don't move!
Oh, please You'd never have the guts.
Catra, what did you do?!
You said she'd be powerless
She will be Eventually. I think.
Actually, this is pretty cool
I know you're still in there, Adora! You've got to snap out of it! Let go of the sword You're gonna be okay, I promise!
Glimmer!
What is happening?!
happened
Adora! Wait!
Stay away from her!
Oh! I get it now! The sword got infected, not Adora herself Huh. I guess she really  organic matter.
Catra, are you okay?!
That went now, Adora  Come on, get her inside.
Is everyone okay?
Well, I for one, am  What happened up there?
It's Entrapta's disc It infected SheRa once before. We've got to get to Catra and destroy it for good.
Okay Let's go, Glimmer. Teleport us up there.  Adventure!
I can't I exhausted my magic in the fight. Until I can recharge, we're climbing.
Well, that's terribly inconvenient Shouldn't you keep better count, or something?
I hope Catra survives SheRa so I can wipe that smirk off her face myself
Always so  command
So we're, uh, keeping her..?
You saw her out there  As long as we have this sword, we have the power to make her go berserk. We can turn the Rebellion's own hero against them. That's .  I wonder which of your friends I'll have you annihilate first...
It looks like the bots were able to pinpoint the First Ones tech before they disappeared If you just give me a more time.
Ugh, hey This dumb mission is over. We have what we need right here, the  weapon. Pack up. We're taking her back to the Fright Zone.
But..Hordak wanted us to
Oh, wanted us to dig a useless hole for ? Forget it, I'm bringing SheRa back
I'll go It's probably just more Rebel idiots. Scorpia, keep an eye on Adora.
Oh, yeah Yeah. I will absolutely look after this sleeping, nonmoving person.  Uh...
She went that way
I'm a pirate! Pirates are the  of cool Although, you would think that I'd get invited to more parties...I mean, you think I'm cool, right?
Just wanted a moment alone with Catra, but, no, I'm stuck babysitting her
Uh..you okay, there, Adora?
Wow You...are a big bug.
Whew, yep That is the truth. Glad you're seeing clearly. Now, come on.  I'm taking you back to the lab.  Aw, now what was the code again? ...Uh, maybe
Stop that
Okay, wait, I'm pretty sure it was
Don't, don't! Stop! Why are you making this so much harder for me? Please  Please! I'm a woman on the edge! I've had a real challenge of a day!
How did you do that?
I put in Catra's favorite number
Ugh, I get it don't. Rub it in my face, why don't you?
Uh..that's not good.
Change of plans, how about we stay inside?
Yay, it's a girl's night in!
Any sign of SheRa? Preferably the version of her that  throw us off a cliff?
Uh, no..no SheRa...Just a terrifying snow monster!
Can't  I should be by Catra's side, protecting her. Why can't you just stay out of our way?
Catra?  ..Inspector Pirate?
Adora!  I'm here to rescue you!
Uh..more like .
That doesn't make any sense Is she all right?
I don't know, but she  getting on my last nerve, and she is not going anywhere
We'll see about that! En garde!
Aw..you guys are my best friends!
I really hate this place..
What's happening? Why is the power going out?
Apparently, by drilling into the ice, we've unleashed these creatures and now they're obsessively trying to destroy us  What an unexpected twist!
?!
I'm guessing it's something to do with that giant pit Entrapta dug
Bow, their eyes! They're red, just like SheRa's! Do you think..maybe the monster's have been infected, too.  UGH! Catra is !
Uh, think you have one teleport left?
Hope so!
Hi!
Fascinating..
Hand Her. Over!
Let go! Catra entrusted me with watching her, I can't let her down
Catra..  She's mean...
She's  each other, you can tell there's a real bond there I just... I wish she would see me as being worth her time, too.
I I know how you feel
Always great to see you, Sparkles, but we're a  busy here!
Where's the disc, Catra?
What, you didn't like my new, improved version of SheRa?
Whatever the Horde is giving you, it's not worth the damage you're doing to Etheria Those monsters outside are infected by the same virus that's infecting SheRa!
Infected? That can't be right The disc only infects First Ones tech, unless the bugs are First Ones tech!
I mean, just I'd like to hang out with Mermista and her friends I'm good at groups! I have excellent stories of derringdo! Why don't they want me around?
Oh, I hear ya Catra's been so busy since she got promoted, but she still always expects for her?!
Exactly! It seems like..the only time anyone wants to hang is when they need me to give them , or do something for them.
Ugh, tell me about it Catra once used my rock hard exoskeleton as a nail file.  I even had to buff!
Is there..something wrong with us?
You know..you guys are really !
You know what? She's right We  really great.  I'm clever, roguishly goodlooking, and a top-notch sailor.  I don't care if anyone else thinks I'm cool. I don't need their opinions to validate me.  I'm Sea Hawk!
And me? I am brave, strong,  give great hugs, and I'm loyal  You may have left Catra, but someday, she's gonna see that  who I am!
Yayyy!
And I'm also someone who's about to go kick some bug butt!
Let's  them what we're made of!
We  to destroy the disc, or none of us are getting out of here!
Huh Guess I must've lost it.
Oh, Catra, it's in your pocket, remember?
For the Horde!
I don't agree with that sentiment, but I'm also here!
Heyy, I know you
Adora! I'm  glad you're okay
Catra, are you all right?
Just find the sword  got Adora!
Oh, no you don't!
Hiii...
En garde!
Just Give. Us. The. Disc!
Are you kidding? I've got control of Adora I am  giving that up.
Catra, you have to destroy the disc It's the only way to stop them!
Catra!
Scorpia, you can end this You've got to break the disc now!
Don't You. Dare!
Uh...uh...
It seems to me that caring about someone is the greatest adventure of them all
Sorry, Wildcat This...is for your own good.
NO!
Oh..What happened?
Hey! Put me down!
What are you so  what we came for The mission was a failure.  How are we going to explain this one to Hordak?
Failure? This mission was a resounding success  Tadaaa! I got the First Ones tech!
What? When did you evenHow long have you had that?!
A while But we were having so much fun, I didn't want to say anything. Isn't it amazing? This puppy'll be able to power Hordak's portal technology and !
Hey Thanks for getting us out of there.
Any time
All right, come on
Really?! Yes!  Thank you!  ..Oh, gosh. Look at us. Just...two peas in a pod.  So when I brought it up before I said board games, but  I mean, it doesn't have to be board games, we could do anything, I mean, I'm open. II like a-ah, bowling, ah, it's very difficult for me with my claws, but...
